name a canine cartoon character other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler .
how do you throw a housewarming party ?
what is the medical condition of hypertension ?
what ocean surrounds the madeira islands ?
what 2th-century american poet wrote a four-volume biography of abraham lincoln ?
what fastener did whitcomb judson patent in 1893 ?
how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
what president also became a supreme court justice ?
how many hearts does an octopus have ?
where is microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
who is the richest person in the world ?
what 's the most common nickname of u.s. college football teams ?
where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
what is meant by `` capital market '' ?
what kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
what percentage of the body is muscle ?
what is the capital of uruguay ?
why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
what was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
what island group is guadalcanal a part of ?
who owns cnn ?
what is tetrinet ?
who invented volleyball ?
what are the historical trials following world war ii called ?
what was unusual about alexandra 's appearance in josie and the pussycats ?
what is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
what country lies directly south of detroit ?
where did wile e. coyote always get his devices ?
what was the date of cnn 's first broadcast ?
why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
what king was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
what year did the united states pass the copyright law ?
what 1956 grace metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
what is the s&p 500 used for ?
when was yemen reunified ?
winnie the pooh is what kind of animal ?
how long would it take to get from earth to mars ?
what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
cnn is the abbreviation for what ?
how many visitors go to the vatican each year ?
what is the population of japan ?
what are the 10 plagues of egypt ?
what country is located at 13 degrees north latitude and 10 degrees east longitude ?
what is a 2-sided object called ?
who was the lawyer for randy craft ?
what is a fear of insanity ?
how can you be happy ?
who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` the simpsons '' ?
what does the word terrorism mean ?
what does it take to become a lawyer ?
who was the 1st u.s. president ?
what other name were the `` little rascals '' known as ?
what does idle mean ?
name the various super-teams to which the angel has belonged .
in what year did the bounty mutiny happen ?
what book is the follow-up to future shock ?
what detective lives on punchbowl hill and has 11 children ?
what bread company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ?
what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
who was nicknamed the little corporal ?
who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
where is kings canyon ?
how many people were executed for abraham lincoln 's assassination ?
how many flavors of ice cream does howard johnson 's have ?
where is trinidad ?
what is the name of a greek god ?
what does nasa stand for ?
