how did serfdom develop in and then leave russia ?
what films featured the character popeye doyle ?
how can i find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
what fowl grabs the spotlight after the chinese year of the monkey ?
what is the full form of .com ?
what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
what team did baseball 's st. louis browns become ?
what are liver enzymes ?
name the scar-faced bounty hunter of the old west .
when was ozzy osbourne born ?
why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
who was the pride of the yankees ?
who killed gandhi ?
what is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
what sprawling u.s. state boasts the most airports ?
what did the only repealed amendment to the u.s. constitution deal with ?
how many jews were executed in concentration camps during wwii ?
what is `` nine inch nails '' ?
what is an annotated bibliography ?
what is the date of boxing day ?
what articles of clothing are tokens in monopoly ?
name 11 famous martyrs .
what is the origin of the name ` scarlett ' ?
what 's the second-most-used vowel in english ?
who was the inventor of silly putty ?
what is the highest waterfall in the united states ?
name a golf course in myrtle beach .
which two states enclose chesapeake bay ?
what does the abbreviation aids stand for ?
what does a spermologer collect ?
how many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
how many community chest cards are there in monopoly ?
when did the neanderthal man live ?
in what religion was isis the nature goddess ?
where do the adventures of `` the swiss family robinson '' take place ?
what relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
how can i register my website in yahoo for free ?
what was cash-conscious colonel edwin l. drake the first to drill ?
how many people in the world speak french ?
how many inches over six feet is the venus de milo ?
how do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
what 1920s cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ?
what cocktail inspired john doxat to write the book stirred-not shaken ?
what isps exist in the caribbean ?
how do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
what weapon is the mythological character apollo most proficient with ?
what country do the galapagos islands belong to ?
what is ethology ?
who was the prophet of the muslim people ?
where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
who is snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
what is the nature of learning ?
what 's the only color johnny cash wears on stage ?
what 's the term for a young fox ?
what u.s. state lived under six flags ?
what is the kashmir issue ?
where is the loop ?
what does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
what is titanium ?
who do herb and tootsie live next door to ?
which city has the oldest relationship as a sisterðcity with los angeles ?
why do people get calluses ?
what are the names of the tourist attractions in reims ?
what are cushman and wakefield known for ?
what body of water does the danube river flow into ?
who is the founder of scientology ?
what does the six-footed musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
what is the history of skateboarding ?
who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ?
how do i make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
what 19th-century painter died in the marquesas islands ?
the corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
how do i log on to home page at headquarters u.s. european command ?
what is nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
how many species of the great white shark are there ?
what is the origin of head lice ?
what is the nickname for the state of mississippi ?
what was the first domesticated bird ?
how many villi are found in the small intestine ?
what country did king wenceslas rule ?
what is a fear of shadows ?
who were the five marx brothers ?
in which year was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance ?
when did cnn begin broadcasting ?
what causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
what are bear and bull markets ?
what j.r.r. tolkien book features bilbo baggins as the central character ?
what is `` dew point '' ?
what is the meaning of jesus ?
what company 's logo is a `` w '' in a circle ?
what is the definition of a cascade ?
when did rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
what country 's national passenger rail system is called via ?
who invented make-up ?
what is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
what did delilah do to samson 's hair ?
which of the following was rhodes scholar ?
who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the champions ?
how do you make a paintball ?
what u.s. state is fort knox in ?
where is the highest point in japan ?
where do chihuahuas come from ?
where does barney rubble go to work after he drops fred off in the `` flintstones '' cartoon series ?
what are the world 's four oceans ?
what 's the only work by michelangelo that bears his signature ?
what is the largest snake in the world ?
in what medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
where on the internet can i find a song lyrics database similar to the international lyrics server ?
how much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
what 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
what does the georgetown `` hoya '' mean ?
which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
how is the election of a new pope announced to the world ?
how do chickens have baby chicks ?
what is the historical relationship of catholic church and bingo ?
how was the element calcium named ?
what crooner joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama ?
what piano company claims its product is the `` instrument of the immortals '' ?
when did the bounty mutiny take place ?
what novel inspired the movie bladerunner ?
what is a transistor ?
what is a film starring jude law ?
what hollywood dog died in the arms of jean harlow in 1932 ?
what are the most common elements in the earth 's crust ?
how much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
what actress has received the most oscar nominations ?
what are equity securities ?
what is gymnophobia ?
how many years do fossils take to form ?
where is the orinoco ?
what was the name of the `` little rascals '' dog ?
what city boasts penn 's landing , on the banks of the delaware river ?
what broadway musical was inspired by cervantes 's don quixote ?
how many hostages were killed in the entebbe raid ?
how you can raise your iq ?
what does inri stand for when used on jesus ' cross ?
who produces spumante ?
who earns their money the hard way ?
who founded the people 's temple commune ?
what athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
how many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
who discovered electricity ?
what part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
who was the first american in space ?
what two south american countries do n't border brazil ?
what album put the beatles on the cover of time in 1967 ?
what poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
what is a dental root canal ?
what war did the wanna-go-home riots occur after ?
what is the busiest air travel season ?
what 's the colored part of the eye called ?
what are hook worms ?
where is the rose bowl played ?
which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
who is the mayor of marbella ?
what sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the mojave desert ?
in what year did thatcher become prime minister ?
how many months does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
in what year was de gaulle elected president of france ?
who sings the themes for `` dawson 's creek '' and `` felicity '' ?
who directed `` jaws '' ?
on what t.v. show could tom terrific be found ?
what indian tribe is f troop perpetually doing battle with ?
where did indian pudding come from ?
why do some clothing labels say `` use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
how many colonies were involved in the american revolution ?
where can i find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
what game 's board shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
what is the name of the managing director of apricot computer ?
what is the occupation of nicholas cage ?
why do horseshoes bring luck ?
what is the 401 , k , plan ?
what causes pneumonia ?
what are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
what does gringo mean ?
what country contains africa 's northernmost point ?
what therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
what city is sometimes called gotham ?
what dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
who created dennis the menace ?
what dummy received an honorary degree from northwestern university ?
when was the first wall street journal published ?
what countries have the largest areas of forest ?
how do i start a web based business ?
name alvin 's brothers
what is eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
how did jayne mansfield die ?
what actor said in a day at the races   `` either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
what explorer was nicknamed iberia 's pilot ?
cnn began broadcasting in what year ?
what is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
what makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
which company created the internet browser mosaic ?
what are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in judaism called ?
what was the education system in the 1960 's ?
what south american city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
how can i find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
what is betsy ross famous for ?
how many species of sharks are there ?
what is `` snoogans '' ?
what shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
what organization 's offices were broken into at watergate in 1972 ?
what is the design of the ship titanic ?
what does s.o.s. stand for ?
name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
what is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
what is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
what four forms does gold occur in ?
what is the acreage of the chappellet vineyard ?
how do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
when did beethoven die ?
how much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
what two european countries entered the war of american independence against the british ?
what is the filmmakers collabrative ?
what caused harry houdini 's death ?
who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
how many revolutions does a standard lp make in three minutes ?
what is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a film journal ?
what 's the slowest olympic swimming stroke ?
what was the name of the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
what disease is transmitted by the anopheles mosquito ?
what rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
how many south american countries have the letter z in their names ?
what is the contents of proposition 98 ?
where was george washington born ?
how many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd .
what is paracetamol ?
what are the powers and weaknesses of green lantern 's ring ?
which mosquito 's bite draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn .
when was the first steel mill in the united states built ?
what diminutive american female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 olympics ?
what is the origin of the name katie ?
what schools in the washington , dc nn nn vbp nn nn nn nn .
when did the berlin wall go up ?
who is terrence malick ?
what 's the meaning of the latin battle cry   ad arma , ad arma .
what is the mascot for notre dame university ?
when did mount st. helen last have a significant eruption ?
cnn is the abbreviation for what ?
when did world war i start ?
how many feet are there in a fathom ?
what is a canada two-penny black ?
what european city do nicois live in ?
what is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
to what does microsoft 's windows 3 owe its success ?
who was president of afghanistan in 1994 ?
what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
what did brontosauruses eat ?
what color bottles do good rhine wines come in ?
who was the lead actress in the movie ` sleepless in seattle ' ?
who was the 16th president of the united states ?
who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson ?
what is molybdenum ?
when is boxing day ?
what is the lowest level of the american judiciary ?
when was the battle of the somme fought ?
how many people did randy craft kill ?
what 's the official animal of canada ?
when did spielberg direct `` jaws '' ?
what is the size of the largest akita ?
what animal has the biggest eyes ?
what is california 's capital ?
who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg   tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
who was the founding member of the pink floyd band ?
what european country is home to the beer-producing city of budweis ?
how do i find the balance of my social security account ?
what is the history of valentine 's day cards ?
where was christopher columbus born ?
what do italians call florence ?
how do you get to the top of the eiffel tower ?
what does ` psi ' stand for ?
what sea did the romans call mare nostrum ?
what 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
which came first , according to genesis 1   2   22 - the chicken or the egg ?
what city did the flintstones live in ?
what is latin for incompetent ?
what chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
what toy company is the world 's no.1 maker of female apparel ?
what board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
which doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
what is the abbreviation for micro ?
who has won the most super bowls ?
what does nasdaq stand for ?
what is bph ?
what is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the us ?
what stadium do the miami dolphins play their home games in ?
who has the only speaking role in `` silent movie '' ?
why is poop sometimes different colors ?
what was einstein 's iq ?
what day was pearl harbor attacked in 1942 ?
what state is john f. kennedy buried in ?
what is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
what u.s. state has an element named for it ?
what company tabulates the ballots in voting for the academy awards ?
how many years ago did the ship titanic sink ?
what are halloween 's colors ?
how is silk screening done ?
what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
where can i find a `` fifth element '' screensaver ?
which bloom county resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
how does a rainbow form ?
what is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
what is the population of ohio ?
how many calories are there in a big mac ?
what creature scares people in the film `` jaws '' ?
what part did john peter zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in america ?
who followed caesar ?
what are the four elements ?
who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
what 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
what is answers.com 's address ?
where can i buy movies on videotape online ?
who does the advertizing for frito-lay ?
who is the leading competitor of trans union company ?
what product did robert conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
who invented the radio ?
what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the u.k. ?
what are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
how do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
what are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
what actor first portrayed james bond ?
what ocean is the largest in the world ?
who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature , in 1948 ?
what year did jack nicklaus join the professional golfers association tour ?
what causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
who won the nobel peace prize in 1991 ?
who are the challengers of the unknown ?
define the pheonix club ?
which city did christian crusaders fight to recapture from the muslims ?
what does it mean `` rupee depreciates '' ?
what gaming devices were dubbed `` mississippi marbles '' and `` memphis dominoes '' ?
who was the first coach of the cleveland browns ?
what jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 mideast war ?
how does a copier work ?
what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
who said of super bowl iii in 1969   `` we 'll win- i guarantee it '' ?
what is dudley do-right 's horse 's name ?
who declared   `` i am down on whores and i shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
where does chocolate come from ?
what soviet leader owned a rolls-royce ?
where can i find a case on individuals with disabilities education act of 1991 ?
what war did florence nightingale tend the troops in ?
who wrote the song , `` stardust '' ?
how many beatles ' records went #1 ?
who is the only prime minister of canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
what is the abbreviation of the company name ` general motors ' ?
what mountains lie between the arkansas and missouri rivers ?
who received the will rogers award in 1989 ?
what is the function of ram ?
what 's the closest g2 spectrum yellow dwarf to earth ?
how many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
what is the fear of cockroaches called ?
what cbs soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
what is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy craft ?
what united states president had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
what film did lee marvin win the 1965 best actor oscar for ?
where is basque country located ?
what product does `` mrs. olsen '' promote ?
what time of day did emperor hirohito die ?
what is dry ice ?
what 's the most powerful card in euchre ?
what does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
how many years did it take james joyce to write ulysses ?
what crop failure caused the irish famine ?
what south korean city is served by kimpo international airport ?
how many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
what is the longest-running television series ?
what predators exist on antarctica ?
what is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
how is energy created ?
what beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
what is the quantity of american soldiers still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
what golfing accessory was patented by george grant on december 12
what are the different types of plastic ?
how is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
what was the highest mountain on earth before mount everest was discovered ?
where was the ligurian republic , 1797-185 , ?
what country 's people are the top television watchers ?
when was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
what polynesian people inhabit new zealand ?
what movie tour of the roman empire features the admonition   `` row well and live '' ?
what nevada center has been dubbed the biggest little city in the world ?
what president lived at 219 north delaware street , independence , missouri ?
give a reason for american indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
what is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
in what u.s. state was the first woman governor elected ?
what are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
what year did hitler die ?
what famous model was married to billy joel ?
what kind of animal is babar ?
what is jane goodall known for ?
how much money are dumbo 's ears insured for ?
who danced into stardom with fred astaire in 1941 's you 'll never get rich ?
who is stein eriksen ?
what does the name billie mean ?
who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
what is the highest peak in africa ?
what desert has been called the garden of allah ?
what do bicornate animals have two of ?
what is a fear of weakness ?
how many miles is it to ohio from north carolina ?
how much snow equals an inch of rain ?
what does g.m.t. stand for ?
what does inuit and eskimo mean ?
what song served as the closing theme of the johnny cash show ?
what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
how do i tie dye clothes ?
why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
what actor 's autobiography is titled all my yesterdays ?
what russian master spy lived in the u.s. under the name emil goldfus ?
where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
what 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
where can i find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
what english word comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
where did sarge steel get his metal hand ?
what makes popcorn pop ?
who wrote the night of the iguana ?
where does your hair grow the fastest ?
what country did king gustav v reign over from 197 to 195 ?
who painted mother and child ?
what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
in what area of the world was the six day war fought ?
what is the brightest star visible from earth ?
what film marked robert redford 's directorial debut ?
what was mao 's second name ?
what film or films has jude law appeared in ?
where do hyenas live ?
who is the `` queen mother '' ?
what 's the most commonly-spoken language in belgium ?
who has more dna - a man or a woman ?
what are maid-rites ?
what children 's tale contains the line   `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
what level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
how many referees work a soccer game ?
what cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
how do you say `` fresh '' in spanish ?
what do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
what caused the lynmouth floods ?
when is the tulip festival in michigan ?
who came up with the name , el nino ?
what movie did madilyn kahn star in with gene wilder ?
what type of bridge is the golden gate bridge ?
what stereo manufacturer is `` slightly ahead of its time '' ?
what u.s. city is the queen of the pacific ?
what tv sitcom character had the maiden name ethel potter ?
what was the first lifesaver flavor ?
who kept the most famous diary in the english language ?
where can i find out the top 1 singles ?
how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
what spanish artist painted crucifixion ?
what is the jewish bible called ?
why is the grass green ?
what spy novelist served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london ?
which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
how long does it take for spider-man 's web to evaporate ?
what was known as the spice island ?
who was the first host of person to person ?
name the ranger who was always after yogi bear .
what deck of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
what does the statue of liberty wear on her feet ?
who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
mccarren airport is located in what city ?
what household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
what was the name of betty boop 's dog ?
what fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
what was the bridge of san luis rey made of ?
what do economists do ?
what do i need to do to take my dog with me to live in dominica , west indies for a year ?
what country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
what does sids stand for ?
what is grenada 's main commodity export ?
how much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , thomas jefferson on it , ?
what makes a clitoris sensitive ?
what country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
what `` magic '' does mandrake employ ?
who is the president of stanford university ?
whose first presidential order was   `` let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
what was introduced commercially by bayer a.g. of leverkusen , in 1899 ?
what city is logan airport in ?
what is a nanometer ?
how many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
when did cnn go on the air ?
what is the largest city on the great lakes ?
what is the telephone number for the university of kentucky ?
who invented baseball ?
how many wives did brigham young have ?
what product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
how long is the coney island boardwalk ?
what city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
what does `` janelle '' mean ?
how do i get another city 's newspaper ?
name a movie about the sioux indians starring kevin costner .
who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
what are the distinct physical characterstics of the arabian horse ?
what animal has killed the most people ?
how many colleges are in wyoming ?
what russian seaport has a name meaning `` lord of the east '' ?
where can stocks be traded on-line ?
when was the battle of hastings ?
what kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
when did muhammad live ?
what then-derogatory term was applied to the painters monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ?
what is a wop ?
where do rocks come from ?
how do i stop background noise in a car stereo ?
where do people mountain climb in nepal ?
what is the best college in the country ?
what is viscosity ?
what was the name of the sitcom that alyssa milano starred in with tony danza ?
what are the nordic nations ?
where on the internet can i get information about the fifth amendment on the american bill of rights ?
what u.s. state borders illinois to the north ?
name a film in which jude law acted .
what is the temperature for baking peachy oat muffins ?
what is a fear of bees ?
what vladimir nabokov novel features professor humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
what is a green bog ?
where did the myth of santa claus originate ?
what does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
what city is served by logan international airport ?
what wrestling star became `` the incredible hulk '' ?
what attracts tourists to reims ?
what game do steve mcqueen and edward g. robinson play in the cincinnati kid ?
what fastener did whitcomb judson patent in 1893 ?
what 's an auberge in france ?
where is procter & gamble based in the u.s. ?
what army was founded by william booth and his wife catherine ?
what does ribavirin consist of ?
name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
what is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the house of representatives ?
what was her real name ?
why are the ears your center of balance ?
who invented the toothbrush ?
what was the name of that popular song the creeps sang ?
where is the abominable snowman said to wander ?
what is a fear of being alone ?
how many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
what do you get by adding lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
when reading classified ads , what does eenty   other stand for ?
how many hearts does an octopus have ?
what plant has the largest seed ?
what was the only country you were allowed to drive into israel from in 1979 ?
what 's approaching when a cyclist shouts   `` oil '' ?
what baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
what kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
what video game hero do some of his fans call chomper ?
what is the longest word in the english language ?
in what city or state do the most gay men live in ?
what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs. wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
what is `` the bear of beers '' ?
name the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines .
what does the name `` justin '' mean ?
what percentage of the body is muscle ?
what color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
what is a golf ball made of ?
what is the amish religion ?
what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ?
what was the name of the 187s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania mining areas ?
who played the ringo kid in the 1939 film stagecoach ?
who died 1 feet from where john f. kennedy did ?
what is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
what sign is the water carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
what animals do you find in the stock market ?
what is color ?
when is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
what did shostakovich write for rostropovich ?
what first name was nipsy russell given at birth ?
how can i get some free technical information on electric vehicle ?
who is the youngest of the beatles ?
how did shipyard inspector james j. kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
what is a jellicle cat ?
where can i find the best free evidence for debate about russia ?
what is bill gates of microsoft e-mail address ?
why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
what russian city boasts the hermitage museum ?
when is bastille day ?
what makes a tornado turn ?
how many shots can a stock m16 hold ?
who is coronado ?
what was the name of the movie that starred sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger ?
what is artificial intelligence ?
what do flatfish eat ?
who was the first holy roman emperor ?
what can i use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
what day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
what is the origin of the word , magic ?
what sport do you shag flies in ?
what is white chocolate ?
where is trinidad ?
name the organization that is presided by a security council .
who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` do ya lo-o-ove me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
who portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate ?
how do you say i love you in spanish ?
what does the name gina mean ?
how fast is light ?
what is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
what are shooting stars ?
whom did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
when was the first american encyclopedia published ?
what 's the tallest building in new york city ?
how is easter sunday 's date determined ?
what is the motto for the state of maryland ?
who is desmond tutu ?
where can i find information on the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island ?
name a tiger that is extinct .
how many quarters equal a pound ?
what kind of books does fodor 's publish ?
what are the first names of rowan and martin , the stars of tv 's laugh-in ?
what chapter of the bible has the most verses ?
who is the worst us president ever ?
what asian leader was known as the little brown saint ?
what is the abbreviated expression for the national bureau of investigation ?
what is the highest mountain in the world ?
what arch can you see from the place de la concorde ?
who sings the song `` drink to me with thine eyes '' by ben johnson ?
how long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their email address ?
how can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
who is the monarch of the united kingdom ?
what is a fear of passing high objects ?
what are the top ten most common girl names in the us ?
why is black the color of mourning in the west ?
what is the rarest coin ?
what judith rossner novel was made into a film starring diane keaton ?
which country is australia 's largest export market ?
where is the kentucky horse park located ?
what is a fear of parasites ?
in what olympic games did nadia comaneci become popular ?
who does data collection in tourism ?
what was the name of the daughter of the virginia chief powhatan that married john rolfe ?
what does a nihilist believe in ?
in what sport are these following numbers relevant   118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
who were the four famous founders of united artists ?
what 2 statues did france give to other countries ?
what are amphibians ?
how many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
how far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
who was the only u.s. president to wear a nazi uniform ?
woodrow wilson served as president of what university ?
where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
what 's the nickname of oddsmaker jimmy snyder ?
what was the number of people that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ?
what was queen victoria 's title regarding india ?
how is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
how far can a man travel in outer space ?
where was lincoln assassinated ?
what type of food makes you fat ?
what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
what was the u.s. highway death toll in 1969 ?
what kind of animals are dorsets , lincolns , oxfords and southdowns ?
what are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
what letter is to the right of k on a typewriter keyboard ?
what is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` hajo ? ''
what is the plural of gulf ?
whose autobiography is titled yes i can ?
what year did the united states pass the copyright law ?
what percentage of americans own their homes ?
what 's the first day of the week ?
what city was president william mckinley shot in ?
what city has the world 's longest subway system ?
who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ?
what is bombay duck ?
how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
what double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in nothing ?
what are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
how many layers of yellow paint is a faber mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
what is a virtual ip address ?
what was the name of the cook on rawhide ?
what county is chicago in ?
what is the wingspan of a condor ?
what facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
how can i transport files from one computer to another ?
what 's the literary term for a play on words ?
what color were their horses ?
what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ?
what author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
how many americans fought for the british in the american revolution ?
what kind of education do i need to become a flight attendant ?
what are the two languages of malta ?
how many oceans are there and name them ?
what happened during the blackhawk indian war of 1832 ?
how many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
what does the latin ante mortem mean ?
what does the name shawn mean ?
where is the danube ?
what lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in u.s. history for sheika dena al-farri ?
what do you call a group of geese ?
who delivered his last newscast on march 6 , 1981 ?
how many times has `` louie , louie '' been recorded ?
how is answers.com different from knowpost.com ?
what is the longest place name in the u.s. ?
what percent liked thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
why was the l.a. office of shea and gould closed ?
how do i start a bank ?
how do ouija boards work ?
what horse did zorro ride ?
how do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
how do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
what former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` space man '' ?
which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
what was michelangelo 's last name ?
who is barbara jordan ?
who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential election ?
what was connecticut 's first constitution called ?
what historical event happened in dogtown in 1899 ?
what is being done about the millennium bug ?
what was the claim to fame of king camp gillette ?
what is olestra ?
what asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
how many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
what are two plants that clothes are made from ?
what president-to-be was the first member of congress to enlist following the attack on pearl harbor ?
when was `` the great depression '' ?
what language is mostly spoken in brazil ?
what college produced the most winning super bowl quarterbacks ?
how do you solve `` rubik 's cube '' ?
what classical spanish writer warned   `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
what actor married john f. kennedy 's sister ?
who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego council ?
the italian artist , maurizio pellegrin , is how old ?
what type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
what is colin powell best known for ?
who was the first black golfer to tee off in the masters ?
what city is the setting for puccini 's opera la boheme ?
what u.s. president showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
what is measured in curies ?
what former president 's daughter has written a book titled murder in the white house ?
what fictional character is known as the `` melancholy dane '' ?
italy is the largest producer of what ?
what longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ?
what is the meaning of w.b. yeat 's poem , `` the three hermits ? ''
who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
what infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
what is spumante ?
in what year did ireland elect its first woman president ?
what is an isthmus ?
what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
where is mozambique located ?
what is mississippi 's state animal ?
what 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
what did dan aykroyd and john belushi quit saturday night live to become ?
how many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
how do fuel injectors work ?
how can your school march in the macy 's thanksgiving parade ?
what is the real name of disc jockey `` wolfman jack '' ?
what italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
what city houses the u.s. headquarters of procter and gamble ?
what soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
what does nafta stand for ?
who invented silly putty ?
what new middle school was built in philadelphia , pennsylvania last year ?
what are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
what do manatees eat ?
how do you say 2 in latin ?
what were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
how many vietnamese were there in the soviet union ?
what is november 's birthstone ?
what is a certified nurse midwife ?
on average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
who created private detective philip marlowe ?
what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
what is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
what is the longest english word ?
what is the purpose of a car bra ?
what is d.b. cooper known for ?
who is colin powell ?
what species is a colt ?
what is the full name of the plo ?
what is the smallest country in africa ?
who coined the term nn cyberspace `` in his novel nn neuromancer '' ?
what age followed the bronze age ?
what is her profession ?
what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
what does the word laser mean ?
what does the name `` anthony '' mean ?
who was lauren bacall 's first husband ?
what is a rhomboideus minor ?
how many hands does bjorn borg use when hitting his forehand ?
how many people died on d-day ?
what u.s. congressman said   `` keep the faith , baby '' .
who created the character of scrooge ?
what is the student population at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
where is windsor castle ?
when did the dow first reach ?
why were people recruited for the vietnam war ?
what party was winston churchill a member of ?
where can i find the names of all the 15 pokemon ?
what state does martha stewart live in ?
which killer whale died at sea world of a fungal infection ?
what are the benelux countries ?
where 's the petrified forest ?
what is a language spoken by the sioux ?
who was the author of `` john brown 's body '' ?
what american poet wrote   `` good fences make good neighbors '' ?
what state in the u.s. has the most blacks ?
why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in california ?
what was the occupation of mandy rice-davies ?
who painted the sistine chapel ?
name the various costumed personas of dr. henry pym .
what breed of dog was the `` little rascals '' dog ?
what are the living conditions in cuba ?
what color are school buses ?
what is the oldest website on the internet ?
what events happened january 26 , 1978 ?
what explorers followed columbus to the americas ?
who is actress goldie hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on games ?
what are the seven virtues ?
what other name were the `` little rascals '' known as ?
when was the san francisco fire ?
how many casinos are in atlantic city , nj ?
what year did the vietnam war end ?
what are the names of richard nixon 's two daughters ?
what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
what is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
what organization was founded by the rev. jerry falwell ?
which soft drink does madonna advertise for ?
what company is being bought by yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
when was berlin 's brandenburg gate erected ?
how many double-word-score spaces are there on a scrabble crossword game board ?
what year did germany sign its nonaggression pact with the soviet union ?
what mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
why were the american soldiers in wwi called `` doughboys ''
who was nicknamed the little corporal ?
name the vessel used by the atari force in the dc comics .
where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
how can i find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
what 's the sacred river of india ?
what is stefan edberg 's native country ?
what is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
how many gutenberg bibles are there ?
name the largest country in south america .
what astronomical phenomenon takes place in jan. 1999 ?
what information can you get me on fairground park in st. louis
what was american folk hero john chapman 's nickname ?
what is the difference between a median and a mean ?
what makes thunder ?
what author did photographer yousuf karsh call `` the shiest man i ever met '' ?
what country are godiva chocolates from ?
name the poet of the poem which begins   i do not know much about gods ; but i think that the river is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
what u.s. state records the least rainfall ?
why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
what was archy , and mehitabel ?
what texas city got its name from the spanish for `` yellow '' ?
what are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
what color are tennis balls ?
what barroom judge called himself the law west of the pecos ?
what excuse did the nato people give for hitting the chinese embassy ?
who was president of costa rica in 1994 ?
what sports event is meyer wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in the great gatsby ?
what country has the best defensive position in the board game diplomacy ?
what two countries share the khyber pass ?
who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ?
what is the origin of the surname of braun ?
what card game has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ?
what is australia day ?
what mammal of north america is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
what was the chivington massacre ?
what actor starred in 1980 's blue lagoon , 1982 's the pirate movie and 1983 's a night in heaven ?
how many home runs did lou gehrig have during his career ?
in what city is the headquarters of sinn fein ?
where can i find information on george bush ?
who is the voice of miss piggy ?
what is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
what does the word camaro mean , from the gm car the camaro ?
who replaced bert parks as the host of the miss america pageant ?
how many boys play the game in winslow homer 's 1872 painting snap the whip ?
what is the aim-54c phoenix ?
when are sheep shorn ?
what sport is chris jogis a top player of ?
what 's the second-largest island in the world ?
what is the definition of low island ?
what century does captain video live in ?
what types of water pollution are there ?
how many astronauts manned each project mercury flight ?
what soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
what 's the name of a golf course in myrtle beach ?
what are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
name the only extant trilogy of classical greek plays .
where is logan airport ?
what is the difference between neoclassical art and romanticism art ?
who was the first person inducted into the u.s. swimming hall of fame ?
what golfer has been called ohio fats and blobbo ?
who murdered leno and rosemary labianca on august 1
what is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
what does god create in the first sentence of the bible ?
which of the following men was not married to rita hayworth ?
what is the current ticket fare from from cairo to barbados ?
what does nn o `` mean when used as a prefix in irish surnames ?
how do you find oxidation numbers ?
what is the state nickname of mississippi ?
what is black hills , south dakota most famous for ?
what 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
how many students attend the university of massachusetts ?
who said , `` i shall return . '' during world war two ?
what holidays are celebrated in ireland ?
who portrayed etta place , companion to butch cassidey and the sundance kid ?
what 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of laos ?
what is a fear of sleep ?
what auto race was wilbur reed the first to win three times ?
what are the most common breeding birds in the u.s. ?
what was organized as a confederate veterans ' social club in pulaski , in tennessee , in 1866 ?
how do you look up criminal records on the internet ?
where is the actress , marion davies , buried ?
what is an example of an actual case of using the fourteenth amendment ?
who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna-dana '' on the television show `` saturday night live '' ?
what singer became despondent over the death of freddie prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
when did iraqi troops invade kuwait ?
what was mark johnson referring to when he said   `` i still can 't believe it- we beat the russians ? ''
what car was driven in the 199 release of `` smokey and the bandit '' ?
what was the backup singing group for roy rogers ?
what famous singing cowboy owns the california angels baseball team ?
what 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
what causes someone to be ticklish ?
what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
how many canadians emmigrate each year ?
why did several san diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
what musical instrument did sherlock holmes play ?
who was gerald ford 's vice president ?
what is `` the washed vodka '' ?
how many different languages are spoken in europe ?
what year was desmond mpilo tutu awarded the nobel peace prize ?
what 's a `` drinker respirator '' better known as ?
who invented batteries ?
why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
where can i buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
what title did suzette charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
what was the infamous pseudonym of peter sutcliffe ?
what is smokey the bear 's middle name ?
what is nicholas cage 's occupation ?
what british tv series featured emma peel ?
what london street is the home of british journalism ?
what tragedy befell the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
what is the immaculate conception ?
what are the names of all the u.s. navy aircraft carriers ?
what is candlemas day ?
in what city is the famed st. mark 's square ?
how much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
where is tufts university ?
what is a pyrotechnic display ?
what japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
how many engines does a boeing 737 have ?
what is the origin of the term `` the brooklyn side '' in bowling ?
how long was mao 's 1930s long march ?
what net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the uber cup ?
what four-legged creature did a cornell university study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
what does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
what did british companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
what province is edmonton located in ?
what is california 's state bird ?
what is martin luther king jr. 's real birthday ?
name the various super-teams to which the angel has belonged .
how does zatanna perform her magic in dc comics ?
what 's the name of jacques cousteau 's research ship ?
what president dispatched a cruiser to carry charles lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
in which kevin costner movie did sioux indians play a role ?
how many james bond novels are there ?
how do you get dates with the `` hooters '' girls ?
what bird can swim but can 't fly ?
how can i get a comic character i made copyrighted and published ?
how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on alaska 's north coast ?
what is plc ?
how much electricity does the brain need to work ?
how many acres in a mile ?
what dickens novel has david carrying the message `` barkis is willin '' to peggy ?
what is a hyperlink ?
who 's the twin brother of the greek goddess artemis ?
where did marijuana come from ?
what is the per-capita income of colombia , south america , ?
what novel has big brother watching ?
what does elysium mean ?
what is the oldest website on the internet ?
what is shalom ?
what organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
what is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the manhatten project ?
what country received all the nobel prizes awarded in 1976 ?
how do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
how many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
what soft drink first appeared in the old corner drug store in waco , texas , in 1885 ?
what is britain 's possession on the chinese mainland ?
who was america 's first public enemy no. 1 ?
what is the origin of thank you notes ?
what did jimmy stewart invent ?
what generation am i in ?
what is a fear of hell ?
who is dear abby ?
who lives at 24 sussex drive , ottawa ?
what is jell-o made from ?
who was monet ?
what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate battle flag in their flags ?
how do you make panoramic sugar eggs for easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
what 's the southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
where is guam ?
who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
what is the executor in a will ?
how many people in america snore ?
what soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ?
which drug is commonly used to treat aids ?
how many stars are there on the soviet union 's flag ?
what is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
what are tourist attractions in reims ?
what are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
who said   `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
what prompted the co-pilot of the enola gay to enter only `` my god '' in his log ?
how long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
what colorado city owns its own glacier ?
what was the name of the protestant revolt against the supremacy of the pope ?
what is an arab strap ?
how much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the us ? , dt cd nn nn ,
who is the current un secretary general ?
who provides telephone service in orange county , california ?
where did guinea pigs originate ?
what two countries ' coastlines border the bay of biscay ?
what organization did mr. waverly assign agents for ?
when was the slinky invented ?
what are the characters ' names in the scooby-doo cartoon ?
what is a fear of cold ?
what was eduard shevardnadze 's job in the soviet union ?
what causes rust ?
which is the only dick tracy villain to appear three times ?
what was the monster in spielberg 's film `` jaws '' ?
what color is an arctic fox in winter ?
what do the names neil , mary , and anthony mean ?
what european capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
why do people in the upper peninsula of michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
what flower did vincent van gogh paint ?
what country was the setting of you only live twice ?
what was thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
winnie the pooh is what kind of animal ?
what is a handheld pc ?
what did john hinckley do to impress jodie foster ?
what is larry king 's job ?
how many calories are in a tomato ?
what war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
what is the treatment for depression ?
what is a fear of slime ?
on which hawaiian island is pearl harbor ?
what feathered cartoon characters do yugoslavians know as vlaja , gaja , and raja ?
what marx brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
what was unusual about alexandra 's appearance in josie and the pussycats ?
what is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
when was dick clark born ?
what game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
what is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
what happened to moon maiden ?
what city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
what are the urals ?
how can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
what desert has the highest sand dunes ?
what two countries contain sierra nevada mountains ?
how do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
how long was the tv mission of star trek 's enterprise to be ?
what phone number can i call to have a tree planted ?
when did the `` star-spangled banner '' become the national anthem ?
who was lacan ?
what are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
what continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a budweiser label ?
who was the secretary of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg ?
where can i get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
name a gaelic language .
what day is august 13 , 1971 ?
where can i find a list of all the companies in america that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
how do you send a movie transcript to hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
what literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
what is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
what is the name of the michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
how big is a quart ?
what is the hub of london ?
jude law acted in which film ?
what causes panic attacks ?
what was the filling in the first golf balls ?
what drug did sigmund freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
what country was a terrible beauty to leon uris ?
what is typhoid fever ?
where can i buy a hat like the kind jay kay from jamiroquai wears ?
what are the twin cities ?
what is beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
name the lawyer for randy craft .
which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
what does ms. , miss , and mrs. stand for ?
what is the homelite inc. home page ?
what explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
how long does it take light to reach the earth from the sun ?
who lives at 39 stone canyon way ?
how many questions are on this thing ?
who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 film alice in wonderland ?
who is karenna gore , al gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
who played the title role in i was a teenage werewolf ?
why are there olives in martinis ?
in what year did hitler gain power of germany ?
what year did rossetti paint `` beata beatrix '' ?
what record company produced the 1978 movie the wiz ?
where can i find information about touring the philippines ?
what did the gas house gang play ?
how many square feet is bill gates ' home ?
what is the name of actor rex harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 1960's ?
what is the highest roman numeral ?
what 's the most popular form of bridge ?
who was the inventor of the stove ?
what comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
where can i find information on the cyclone that hit new jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
boxing day is celebrated on what date ?
what are the first ten amendements passed ?
what is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
what 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
how is the new ford econoline van f25 v1 engine ?
who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
who was made the first honorary citizen of the u.s. ?
what game is garry kasparov really good at ?
where was richard nixon when gerald ford became president ?
where does the u.s. rank among world countries in area ?
what novel did ian fleming introduce james bond in ?
what was the target rate for m3 growth in 1992 ?
what baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
name of scholar on whose literal translations from the chinese and japanese ezra pound depended ?
when did israel begin turning the gaza strip and jericho over to the plo ?
what are the major differences in the catholic and methodist religions ?
how much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
what is the best internet business to go into ?
what does venus retrograde mean ?
who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
what are the largest breweries in the world ?
what does las vegas mean ?
what does the word `` meta '' mean ?
what keeps clouds in the air ?
what 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
ray charles plays which instrument ?
what country and western singer is known as the silver fox ?
what is graduate school ?
what is the difference between new york-style and chicago-style pizza ?
what baseball team owner and sailor is known as the mouth of the south ?
what type of betting is used in horse racing ?
what kind of hat does bat masterson wear ?
who was with patricia hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
what is the viking prince 's first name ?
in what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
where is rider college located ?
for what reason did some san diego schools stop serving apples ?
who advised listeners to `` see the u.s.a. in your chevrolet '' ?
where was the first restaurant ?
where can i find full written draft of ctbt ?
how many horses died during the civil war ?
how much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
what nobel laureate was expelled from the philippines before the conference on east timor ?
what woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
how many minutes were there on the original ge college bowl clock ?
what is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
what is website of the international court of justice ?
where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
where can i look at a perpetual calendar ?
how many astronauts have been on the moon ?
in what year did the bounty mutiny happen ?
what is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
how do you reference a website ?
what is pandoro ?
what do the letters zip stand for in the phrase `` zip code '' ?
which bourbon king was restored to the french throne during napoleon 's abdication ?
what is one of the cities that the university of minnesota is located in ?
what are the words to `` my way '' written by paul anka ?
how do i install a tile floor ?
what is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
what 's the no. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
name four famous cartoon cats .
what daughter of henry viii and anne boleyn became queen of england ?
how did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
what 's the most common nickname of u.s. college football teams ?
what 's the distinction of u.s. supreme court justice thurgood marshall ?
what is the most useful site on the internet ?
what is the world 's highest peak ?
what was a mae west on a world war ii battleship ?
define cosmology .
what comedienne upstaged dwight d. eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
what are amicable numbers ?
where is hearst castle , built by publisher william randolph hearst ?
what 's the largest u.s. city on the great lakes ?
who sang about desmond and molly jones ?
what magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
what does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
what costume designer decided that michael jackson should only wear one glove ?
what meter did shakespeare use in writing   `` to be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
how many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
what is the goat population of the world ?
what company was the original sponsor of tv 's superman ?
what term does a czech use to describe a pole ?
what sea separates naples and algiers ?
how many lawyers are there in the state of new jersey ?
what are the most common elements in seawater ?
describe the finnish music personality salonen 's appearance .
what is a stratocaster ?
what kind of science is cosmology ?
name the blind sculptress in love with the fantastic four 's thing .
what 's the second-lightest element ?
what do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
what is the brand name of daminozide ?
what is the former name of zimbabwe ?
what national basketball association superstar told his story in giant steps ?
what animals did the amazing three masquerade as ?
how did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
when did fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
how many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
who made the first gas engine ?
what country claimed rubens , van dyck and bruegel as citizens ?
what civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
how many questions do you have on your database ?
where can i find examples of legal cases about the individuals with disabilities education act ?
when was the triangle shirtwaist fire ?
where is ocho rios ?
what is the half-life of p-32 ?
what ocean does mauritania border ?
why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
what do christian scientists believe in ?
what world war i battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
what country is kosovo a part of ?
what computer operating system is on the most computers ?
what is bill gross 's email address ?
what is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
what do the letters d.c. stand for in washington , d.c. ?
what animals can live the longest without food ?
what english queen had seventeen children ?
what is the approximate population of las vegas , n.m ?
how much does the president get paid ?
what two baseball players make up the battery ?
what 's the largest letter in salvador dali 's signature ?
what does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` the simpsons '' ?
what 's the northernmost u.s. state apart from alaska ?
name an art gallery in new york .
who sells viagra ?
what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
what is the home rule act ?
what are bellworts ?
who was darius ?
what movie told of anna anderson 's claim to be a russian czar 's daughter ?
what kind of creature is a coot ?
name the university of which woodrow wilson was president .
what country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the turks in libya ?
what university was woodrow wilson president of ?
what is a fear of disease ?
what did mr. magoo flog on tv for general electric ?
what are the words to the canadian national anthem ?
who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
which one of the original seven mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury flights ?
who is the best known villain of the 165 gunpowder plot ?
what is the capital of burkina faso ?
what continent is bolivia on ?
who killed more people , hitler or stalin ?
what caused shea & gould to close their l.a. office ?
what 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
what u.s. state has the most blondes ?
what war saw battles at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
what was the u.s. highway death toll in 1969 ?
what is a phalanx ?
what mustachioed comedian portrayed frankie in north to alaska ?
what does each of the utilities cost in monopoly ?
what does e.g. stand for ?
what is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
how do storms form ?
who is nicolo paganini ?
what city is often called the insurance capital of the world ?
what are the three animals in sheila burnford 's the incredible journey ?
who portrayed dracula in hammer studios ' films ?
name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
when were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
what president 's favorite biblical quotation was   `` come now , and let us reason together '' .
how many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the empire state building ?
name the food company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads .
what country was sir edmund hillary born in ?
what 's an infant seal called ?
what city was john f. kennedy nominated for president in ?
how long does a dog sleep ?
what 1963 joseph l. mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
what japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of tokyo ?
what can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
where did the battle of the bulge take place ?
how much will the california be in the year 2000 ?
what mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was greece , and the grandeur that was rome '' ?
what state full of milk and honey was the destination in the grapes of wrath ?
name li 'l abner 's favorite indian drink .
what are some important events of the 1830 's ?
the iraqis launched their attack on kuwait on what day ?
what letter adorns the flag of rwanda ?
what did 8 , cd nns vbp to vb nnp pos nn .
what is god ?
what country 's northernmost city is darwin ?
what sound does olympia , washington , overlook ?
what tv show chronicled the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ?
what kentucky city calls itself the horse center of america ?
how many penny-farthings are there on a trivial pursuit game board ?
what 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
what european country boasts the city of furth , found where the rivers rednitz and pegnitz converge ?
what u.s. state is dixville notch in ?
where was the cisalpine republic , 1797-185 , ?
what is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
what is the protagonist 's name in dostoevski 's `` the idiot '' ?
what penalty space lies between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board ?
what presidential press secretary dismissed watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
what is a meerkat ?
who was jean nicolet ?
what kind of animal was winnie the pooh ?
which of these are authors ?
what 's the international radio code word for the letter b ?
who was the original humpty dumpty ?
what is cache memory ?
where is the location of the orange bowl ?
when is president nixon 's birthday ?
what is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
whose cupboard was bare ?
what are the seven seas ?
what does ibm stand for ?
what is the difference between jazz and blues ?
what is the c programming language ?
what 's the name of popeye 's adopted son ?
who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
who does shakespeare 's antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
which country is known as `` big bear '' ?
what `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
how many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
what is the origin of the atom ?
who is the voyager project manager ?
which radio stations air the jim bohannon radio talk show ?
what two commanders directed the forces in the battle of el alamein ?
name the creator of `` the muppets '' .
how do i e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
who replies `` i know '' to princess leia 's confession `` i love you '' in the empire strikes back ?
what is the meaning of the name ella ?
what 's the home of the rockettes ?
where can i find all the information i need to know about the english civil war , 1642-1649 , ?
what is the name of the firm that makes spumante ?
what sport is played on the largest field ?
who won the 1967 academy award for best actor ?
what is after death ?
name the first private citizen to fly in space .
what was football star elroy hirsch 's nickname ?
what singer sings `` oh boy '' ?
how much pizza do americans eat in a day ?
what is the website for the usa journal ?
what army 's motto is blood and fire ?
what kind of patent did ermal fraze get in 1963 ?
what are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
why are haunted houses popular ?
which gender has bigger thighs ?
what u.s. state has the second-longest coastline ?
how fast do cheetahs run ?
what is ray bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
how fast is a 45mhz processor ?
what kind of puzzle first appeared in the u.s. in the new york world on december 21 , 1913 ?
what count did alexandre dumas write about ?
what are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
what is the largest natural lake in pennsylvania ?
how far is london uk from california ?
name the two mystical ravens odin has at his command .
what was the species of winnie the pooh ?
what is the virus hiv ?
how many years old is benny carter ?
where does the santa fe trail begin and end ?
what book is the follow-up to future shock ?
what african animals are known as the big five ?
what is the alphabet for latin ?
what is the fear of frogs ?
how old is stevie wonder ?
who was the first taiwanese president ?
who is luke skywalker 's father ?
what does a dipsomaniac crave ?
what is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
what is nero wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
what is the first personal computer company ?
what is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
who was jane goodall ?
why are there braille things on the atm machines that people drive through ?
where is the isle of man ?
what book did aaron hass write ?
what was the death toll at the eruption of mount pinatubo ?
when will the millennium officially begin ?
who created the comic strip , `` garfield '' ?
which vietnamese terrorist is now a un delegate in doonesbury ?
what is real time processing ?
what do we call the imaginary line along the top of the rocky mountains ?
what country 's capital is lagos ?
where does ray bradbury 's chronicles take place ?
who is the current prime minister and president of russia ?
who established a viking colony in greenland about 985 ?
what was the distinguishing mark on the `` little rascals '' dog ?
what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
where can i get information about cystic fibrosis ?
where did honecker rule ?
what is the theory of equivalence states ?
what does a philatelist collect ?
what is the life span of the average monkey ?
how many member states are in the un ?
what will happen when sodium is put in water ?
what 's the meaning of uol ?
what future president became senate majority whip under harry truman ?
who was the architect of central park ?
which operating system runs on ibm-compatible machines ?
what are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
what are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
what african country is governed from ouagadougou ?
what hard-of hearing artist painted sunflowers ?
who wrote sons and lovers ?
what is the english translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
what handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
what french seaport claims to be the home of wines ?
how long does it take sunlight to reach earth ?
what cherokee indian gave his name to a tree ?
when were camcorders introduced in malaysia ?
what is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
who was the star of leave it to beaver ?
what countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
what was william f. cody 's better-known name ?
how do i increase my biceps ' size ?
who did richard nixon tender his resignation to ?
who was thucydides ?
how is the element strontium purified ?
which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on hollywood boulevard ?
what are tonsils for ?
what molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
what was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
what was the sequel to the moon 's balloon ?
what is the exchange rate for australian to american money ?
what is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
how can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
how many states did richard nixon carry in 1972 ?
what basketball maneuver did bert loomis invent ?
what is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
how many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
what does a tarantula eat ?
what are the three secondary colors ?
what does the name `` sabrina '' mean ?
who took over as conductor of the boston pops after arthur fiedler 's long reign ?
what were the trials called which followed world war ii ?
what is hebephrenia ?
what nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
what famous events have happened on march 27 ?
what brand number graces the black label of a bottle of jack daniel 's ?
what do i call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
what were the causes of the civil war ?
what are maid-rites ?
what city is terrorized by dracula in the night stalker ?
how can you prevent it ?
what do the names andrew and christina mean ?
what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
what do camels store in their humps ?
what is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
what are perfect tenses ?
what is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
what was another name for east germany ?
what 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in america ?
who betrayed norway to the nazis ?
who took the toys donated for the doodyville orphans ' fund and kept them for himself ?
what is a bourdon tube ?
what kind of a sports team is the wisconsin badgers ?
who were the picts ?
what do caroll baker , tammy grimes , debbie reynolds , and judy garland all have in common ?
what is film noir ?
who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic strips ?
in what year did china and the republic of korea establish diplomatic relations ?
what causes tuberculosis ?
how tall is the giraffe ?
what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress shelley winters every christmas for many years ?
what animal was the heat-seeking missile called the sidewinder named for ?
how long did it take stanley to find livingstone ?
how much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
what lake is sheboygan on ?
what are a baseball team 's firemen ?
what is a fear of color ?
what nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
what are the two largest birds on earth ?
name the four stories contained in edith wharton 's `` old new york . ''
what is the largest lake in north america ?
how many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
what is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
who wrote the look of love after viewing ursula andress ?
what is the name of the american swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 olympics ?
who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
what is head start ?
what honeymooners actress did television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
why can 't women serve in the navy on board submarines ?
what did the yalta conference lead to ?
what dog was dubbed the mortgage lifter ?
what is saltpeter ?
what 's the difference between j.d. and ll.m. ?
what kind of organization is ` last chance for animals ' ?
what was the role of the medieval guild ?
silly putty was invented by whom ?
what should the oven be set at for baking peachy oat muffins ?
how can someone become a federal agent ?
who invented the paper clip ?
whom did lauren bacall marry after her husband humphrey bogart died ?
how many times in his 16-year national basketball associaton career was john havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
what city or state do the most gay men live in ?
shea and gould had an office in los angeles for how long before closing it ?
what word occurs 46 , 227 times in the bible ?
how can you be happy ?
how would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
what year did degas create the bronze sculpture , `` fourth position front ? ''
what composer was awarded the medal of honor by franklin d. roosevelt ?
how long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
what does u.s.s.r. stand for ?
what is a fear of gravity ?
who is the composer of `` canon in d major '' ?
what did n't rocky marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
where are all european and american eels born ?
who was the author of the novel `` far from the madding crowd '' ?
what is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
what was `` america 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
what kind of dog is scooby doo ?
what is the function of the appendix ?
what department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
what was the first town to be chartered in vermont ?
what state has the longest great lakes shoreline ?
what u.s. state ends with a g ?
how many varieties of twins are there ?
what is a cartesian diver ?
what are the largest libraries in the us ?
how many people live in the falklands ?
what document did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
what happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
what wheel did blaise pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
how much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
in what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
what country boasts the most dams ?
what is the regular price ?
what metropolis landmark was first introduced in the superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
where can one find mozambique ?
what mary tyler moore show regular came into the world as tadeus wladyslaw konopka ?
in what city is the us declaration of independence located ?
what is the largest variety of cactus ?
who won the first world series ?
what did aaron hass write ?
who is samuel pickering ?
what was the business of the animated sky hawks ?
who was credited with saying   `` i never met a man i did n't like '' ?
what overalls are named for dungri , a suburb of bombay ?
why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
what nationality was jackson pollock ?
how many people were executed for abraham lincoln 's assassination ?
what must a las vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
what is worth seeing in reims ?
what type of performer is ileana cotrubas ?
when was yemen reunified ?
what line of candy products included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
why did the anglican church split from the vatican ?
what organization has a security council ?
how would i find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
what does necrosis mean ?
what is magnetar ?
what feud ended with a marriage in kentucky on march 21 , 1891 ?
what color is the stripe along each side of a coho salmon ?
what is the federal minimum wage ?
what are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
where is santa lucia ?
what female painter produced primitives of rural new england life ?
what war saw battles at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
what should you yell to hail a taxi in madrid ?
what is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
what year did apartheid start ?
who created big ben ?
what city is found in the city of oz ?
what ever happened to the once popular yale lock company ?
name the marvel team loosely based on dc 's justice league of america ?
what did a 16th-century aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
what populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
what college football team did knute rockne build into a power ?
in what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
when did aldous huxley write , `` brave new world '' ?
what country did the ancient romans refer to as hibernia ?
in what high-risk business venture did jimmy the greek bet and lose ?
what do chefs call the master spice ?
what is the abbreviation of general motors ?
what is a devo hat ?
how long was the longest hiccup attack ?
what kind of weapons were used in medieval warfare ?
how many people live in tokyo ?
what fruit-topped actress was known as the brazilian bombshell ?
what are birds descendents of ?
when the tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the u.s. , what moving company transported it ?
which kevin costner movie involves the sioux indians ?
who played the title role in my favorite martian ?
how does a scientific calculator work ?
what is a fear of fur ?
who invented the game scrabble ?
what part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the old west ?
when did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
what is toulmin logic ?
a corgi is a kind of what ?
what city in the u.s. experienced the most growth recently ?
what is a dangling participle ?
what tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
what was the average life expectancy during the stone age ?
what is the origin of the peace symbol ?
what group starred in the movie rock around the clock ?
how many u.s. presidents were assassinated during queen victoria 's reign ?
when was the first flush toilet invented ?
what is nathan hamill 's role in the new star wars prequel ?
how many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of crokinole ?
how old is the sun ?
what percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
how can i find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
how do i write to my congressman ?
how many years ago did led zeppelin release its last album ?
what is the term for a group of geese ?
how many people was randy craft convicted of killing ?
what was the name of the famous battle between texas and mexico ?
what country are you in if you woo in the wu dialect ?
what do you call a poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
what new york yankee was known as the iron horse ?
who is considered the first lady of the american stage ?
who penned   `` neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
what is moxie ?
what was the first sam spade novel ?
what song did patti page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
who headed hitler 's infamous gestapo ?
what south american city features the exclusive copacabana beach and ipanema ?
what german city do italians call the monaco of bavaria ?
what island group contains jersey , guernsey , sark and herm ?
what is a fear of strong light ?
what is a person called that likes fire ?
where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
who made the musical plea be true to your school ?
what french designer declared   `` the jean is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity. the jean must be stopped ! '' ?
what season is the setting for shakespeare 's midsummer night 's dream ?
name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
what comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
what country is the setting for edgar allan poe 's the pit and the pendulum ?
what apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while armstrong and aldrin made history ?
what is the current ticket fare from from cairo to barbados ?
what is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
what good little witch is casper 's girlfriend ?
in which tennessee williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
what was the nickname of frederick i , holy roman emperor and king of germany ?
what war did the potsdam conference follow ?
what 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
what month , date , and year did charles i die ?
how many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
what is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
what 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
what effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
what three european countries begin with the letter a ?
what happened in the long march ?
what was the name of hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in 1923 ?
how can i find online spelling ?
how many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
who made stonehenge ?
what is the average hourly rate of american workers ?
what sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
who 's the founder and editor of the national review ?
in what year did they build the berlin wall ?
who was the first governor of west virginia ?
what 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
when will jean aeul publish her next book ?
what famous soldier was born in europe , died in asia , and was laid to rest in africa ?
when it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
what culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
what baseball team became the minnesota twins ?
what kind of guitar did jimi hendrix play ?
what were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
what constellation contains the twins castor and pollux ?
how many meters are in a mile ?
what is a gas release event ?
what famed london criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
how many milligrams are in a gram ?
what stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
where did he get the title ?
where can i find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
what is michael jackson 's middle name ?
who was the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic ?
how long is human gestation ?
what does `` semper fidelis '' mean ?
what kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
where does mother angelica live ?
how can i find out my moon sign ?
why does a candle need a wick ?
musician ray charles plays what instrument ?
what were the three prophecies the witches make to macbeth ?
what 's the population of mississippi ?
who started the dominos pizza chain ?
in what film did steven spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
what are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
how old is jeremy piven ?
what is the history of yo-yos ?
which nba players had jersey number 0 ?
how does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
what fossilizes to form coprolite ?
how many colored squares are there on a rubik 's cube ?
where is the mayo clinic ?
what caribbean island is sometimes called little england ?
where is amsterdam ?
where can i find the lyrics for the song ` getting married today ' from the musical ` company ' ?
what 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
what australian city became the home of the america 's cup ?
aspartame is known by what other name ?
what is pasta ?
name randy craft 's lawyer .
what is the best distance education university or college ?
what river does the grand coulee dam dam ?
how often are quadruplets born ?
how does psorisis disappear ?
how many presidents have died on the 4th of july ?
what three colors are on the french flag ?
what 's the mystery of the bermuda triangle ?
what are the seven wonders of the world ?
what does cnn stand for ?
what is a person called that likes fire ?
who portrayed vincent van gogh in lust for life ?
what constitutes an adult ?
what is a reliable site that i can download heretic 2 ?
what is a neurosurgeon ?
what baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
what are amaretto biscuits ?
what common ailment can 't you catch at the north pole ?
what season begins with the vernal equinox ?
who was known as the time master in comic books ?
what was the name of roy rogers 's dog ?
what tv series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
where did cable cars first roll down clay street in 1873 ?
what is george lucas 's e-mail address ?
who is the father of the computer ?
what is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
what is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
what is the definition of cosmology ?
what is the name of the dog on the cracker jack box ?
what are manifest and latent function theories ?
what william styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
what is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
who said   `` old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
what national league baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
what are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
how long were tyrannosaurus rex 's teeth ?
what is the origin of the word ozymandias ?
who 's the only man to have won the olympic decathlon twice ?
what kenyan city is the safari center for east africa ?
why do men snore ?
what causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
what is the name of miss india 1994 ?
what four u.s. states have active volcanoes ?
what 's the setting of john le carre 's a small town in germany ?
what does an echidna look like ?
what is the secret of the universe ?
who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
what major victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
the major league baseball team in pittsburgh is called what ?
what is the name of the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
how did lee harvey oswald purchase his rifle ?
what are the biggest indian airports ?
what is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in christmas trees ?
what are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
who is the pope ?
where on the internet can i find information on laundry detergent ?
what do the french call la manche ?
what 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
how do you clean up a cache ?
what was the name of aristotle onassis 's yacht ?
what is a fear of being dirty ?
what animal occurs in spielberg 's `` jaws '' ?
what 's the red planet ?
the shea & gould law firm had an office in l.a. for how many years ?
what 's the most common surname in america ?
what is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
what kind of tree graces lebanon 's flag ?
what is tumbled marble ?
what are the various ways in which one can measure it user satisfaction level ?
what city is sometimes called the athens of switzerland ?
where did bocci originate ?
how does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
what are the valdez principles ?
how can i easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet source ?
who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia people believe in ?
what is the origin of the word assassinate ?
what is the frequency of vhf ?
what are the arabic numerals from 1 to 10 ?
what does the policeman become in the canadian edition of monopoly ?
how many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
what is digitalis ?
what kind of flowers does detective nero wolfe raise ?
what was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
what was the outcome of the 1945 yalta conference ?
what is `` flintknapping '' ?
what 's the most popular contact lens color ?
what were the cities of dickens 's a tale of two cities ?
what causes canker sores in the mouth ?
in what year was the movie the ten commandments released ?
what is the fastest fish in the world ?
what is celebrated during the week of february 21-27 ?
what is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
what countries have the best math students ?
when was the de beers company founded ?
what was a california prayer book to an old west gambler ?
who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
what 's another name for aspartame ?
what did john f. kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
what 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
what is the date of bastille day ?
what is ioc an abbreviation of ?
what 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta ?
which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
where did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leichhardt , prussian born explorer , go to school ?
what color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
how much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
what company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
what disease does katharine hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
what did fcc chairman newton minow declare tv to be on may 9 , 1961 ?
how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
what is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
what does tiffany mean ?
why do magnets attract ?
how do you address a chinese person ?
what is the meaning of thalassemia ?
how do i impress a guy ?
what does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
when did princess diana and prince charles get married ?
which country did hitler rule ?
what was the name of the american ship sunk by a mine in havana harbor , causing the spanish-american war ?
who directed the wild bunch ?
what are emblazoned on the jolly roger ?
the orange bowl is in what city ?
what are the alveoli ?
how many leos have been pope ?
what state was herbert hoover born in ?
what tv series featured neal , a martini-drinking st. bernard ?
what developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of u.s. chief justice john marshall ?
how many fiddlers did old king cole have ?
what poet wrote   `` ... i have promises to keep , and miles to go before i sleep '' ?
what is ethylene ?
what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
what is a fear of clouds ?
what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
what is a fear of pregnancy ?
what is the population in india ?
what is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
how long do flies live ?
why is microsoft 's windows 3 software so successful ?
who runs andy capp 's favorite pub ?
what state produces the best lobster to eat ?
how many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
what bowl game began as an east-west contest between michigan and stanford in 192 ?
what islands got their name from the spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
what is deadrise , nautical , ?
what 's the official language of algeria ?
what six words follow the line   `` from a jack to a king.. . '' ?
how do i find a city if i have the area code ?
what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
what foods contain the most protein ?
what president was assassinated by charles j. guiteau ?
what comic of tv 's golden age went by the motto `` anything for a laugh '' ?
how many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
what was the nationality of jackson pollock ?
who invented the game bowling ?
what are the snakes of new england ?
how many times larger than life size is the statue of liberty ?
what is the name of the country which hitler ruled ?
what group kidnaped patricia hearst ?
how long does a human live ?
where can i get u.s. economic statistics ?
how many superbowls have the ers won ?
what do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
what is a gandy dancer ?
who is the creator of `` the muppets '' ?
which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
what triple crown-winning horse took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 lengths ?
what 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
what is the dot on an the letter i called ?
what 's the capital of iowa ?
who asked you to do the loco-motion with her in 1962 ?
what 's the rathaus in frankfurt ?
what president served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
what do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
what incident caused the canning of a summit conference between eisenhower and khrushchev ?
what is the abbreviated form of the national bureau of investigation ?
what is a fear of odors , body , ?
what is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
what is drew barrymore 's middle name ?
how do you write a book report ?
what are cobol , fortran , and pascal ?
what is supergirl 's secret identity ?
what is the us federal government website for standard industrial classification codes , sic , ?
what court does bob woodward describe in the brethren ?
who made the first surfboard ?
what is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in top cat 's neighborhood ?
on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
what are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
in what year did the us marine corps adopt the motto `` semper fidelis '' ?
how many films did ingmar bergman make ?
what does a deltiologist collect ?
what does the `` c '' stand for in the equation e=mc2 ?
who is the greek god of the sea ?
what well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named hans christian henderson ?
how do you measure the heat of the sun ?
why do some people have two different color eyes ?
which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
when was the first barbie produced ?
what 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
how many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
what green bay packers coach philosophized   `` there 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
how do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
where is the henry ford museum ?
name a film that has won the golden bear in the berlin film festival ?
what 's the international lawn tennis challenge trophy usually called ?
what is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
on which flight did fawaz younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
what are the 10 largest cities in the us ?
what is a wart ?
what is spaceball played on ?
how does rabies spread ?
what famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
what is drew barrymore 's email address ?
how can you tell if someone is lying ?
what is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
what are fingernails made of ?
what nationality were the 123 people who died in the black hole of calcutta ?
what does storm wave mean in japanese ?
why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
how can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
what enigmatic u.s. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
who was charles lindbergh 's wife ?
who sings angel eyes from the 80 's ?
what is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
what caused the titanic to sink ?
what is the chemiosmotic theory ?
what information can you tell me about actor james cromwell ?
how does an ion drive work ?
how can i trace my family roots ?
what was the date of iraq 's invasion of kuwait ?
what is another word for diet ?
what is a courier ?
what sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
how do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
what award is the `` oscar '' of advertising ?
what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
what ice creams contain seaweed ?
what dumb-but-loveable character did maurice gosfield play on the phil silvers show ?
what is a `` usb '' port on a computer ?
what term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
what sea surrounds the cayman islands ?
how many different vegetation zones are there ?
what does lol mean ?
what ocean was amelia earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
what book does holden caulfield appear in ?
what happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
what was the nickname of german flying ace manfred von richthofen ?
what does e=mc2 mean ?
how do i contact answers.com ?
what are the names of the different toes ?
what are different products of petroleum ?
what causes asthma ?
when was the bill of rights ratified ?
what do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on dr. pepper bottles ?
how can i find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
what 's the population of biloxi , mississippi ?
what vowel do all esperanto nouns end in ?
what is a heuristic ?
what california desert is dubbed high desert ?
in the miller lite tv commercial , who is the creature ?
who wrote ` hamlet ' ?
how did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
why can 't ostriches fly ?
where do the blackhawks maintain their operations ?
why are the rooftops in canada green ?
what african country was founded by freed american slaves in 1847 ?
what year did the first issue of `` playboy '' come out ?
the orange bowl is located in what city ?
what is a fear of motion ?
what pseudonym did william sydney porter use in writing the gift of the magi ?
what is a fear of glass ?
what is the last name of lucy and linus from the peanut 's comic strip ?
what cheery fellow got the zip code 9971 from the u.s. postal service in 1963 ?
how many layers does a bottle of yoo-hoo settle into ?
name pittsburgh 's baseball team .
what 's the nearest star to earth ?
where is inoco based ?
what does el nino mean in spanish ?
what does choo choo charlie say ?
how do i register a trade name in north carolina ?
what was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the u.s. since 1865 ?
what is a jake brake ?
what sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in a season ?
what cards are bullets ?
what is the average age a horse lives ?
what planet would you visit to see bebrenia , arcadia , and amazonis ?
which language has the most words ?
where is natick ?
what j.r.r. tolkien book features gimli as a central character ?
who is shirley maclaine ?
what business exports the sparkling wine spumante ?
what is a fear of water ?
what does the number 33 on the rolling rock beer bottle mean ?
what is the origin of the city `` corpus christi '' ?
who wrote ` the pines of rome ' ?
where is the valley of the kings ?
where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
where are the union stockyards ?
where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
how many children does ray davies of the kinks have ?
how many years did shea & gould practice law in los angeles ?
what did walter huston remove to perform in the movie the treasure of the sierra madre ?
how much salt is in the oceans ?
who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ?
what animals acted as lapwarmers for american colonists in church ?
who won world war ii ?
where does `` bovine '' come from ?
where does the u.s. get most of its energy ?
what country , after canada and mexico , is closest to the u.s. ?
what is the weakest bone in the body ?
what is dew point ?
who was garrett morgan married to ?
what was the name of darth vader 's son ?
how many stars are there in big dipper ?
who is ishmael in moby dick ?
how many wings does a flea have ?
what country has been called the queen of the antilles ?
where can i find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
what is the population of mozambique ?
what is multimedia ?
what state has the most indians ?
what is the difference between terry cloth and french terry ?
how long is camptown racetrack ?
name the two blob members of the animated herculoids .
where did luther display his `` ninety-five theses '' ?
what are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
what is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
what river is pocahontas buried along ?
what is `` bloodhound '' ?
how many miles is it from london , england to plymouth , england ?
what was paul bunyan 's ox 's name ?
what trophy is awarded to the winners of the super bowl ?
where is dartmouth college ?
what well-known tv talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
what one of the backstreet boys are single ?
how many people was randy craft convicted of murdering ?
what civil war general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through georgia on his way to the sea ?
who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
what is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
what does ioc stand for ?
which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
what is the trademark of a washington redskin 's fan ?
why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
what suburban housewife and mother of three wrote the feminine mystique ?
how does a glacier form ?
on which date is the ukrainians ' christmas ?
what is the largest city in the world ?
what famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
what is the average weight for a man ?
what country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
what fuel do airplanes use ?
name a canine cartoon character other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler .
what does palindromic mean ?
what baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
in which state are the mark twain national forests ?
what is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
how does belle describe her life in beauty and the beast ?
what color flies closest to the staff on belgium 's flag ?
what is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
which ear can most people hear better with ?
where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
what letter appears on the cold-water tap in spain ?
how do you say `` grandma '' in irish ?
who shoplifts ?
what is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
what is the socratic method ?
what island has a park called the battery at is southern tip ?
how much is clara peller being paid by wendy 's to say `` where 's the beef '' ?
what do i need to learn to design web pages ?
what was the date of cnn 's first broadcast ?
what peter blatty novel recounts the horrors of regan macneil 's possession by the devil ?
what is the all-time stock high of apple computer , and where can i find this information ?
why are lions called `` king of the jungle '' ?
what non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
what meter was invented by c.c. magee in 1935 ?
when was calypso music invented ?
what caribbean island is northeast of trinidad ?
what michelangelo sculpture is in saint peter 's cathedral , basilica , ?
what 's the difference and advantages of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs model ?
how old is bernadette peters ?
where can i find book reviews of `` turbulent souls '' ?
what is dick clark 's birthday ?
what is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
when did hitler come to power in germany ?
when did gothic art and architecture flourish ?
which two inventors invented post-its ?
what day of the week was july 13 ?
whose image is alleged to be on the shroud of turin ?
what does salk vaccine prevent ?
what u.s. general was court-martialled for criticizing american air power ?
what is a fear of insanity ?
how do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
who said   `` the victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
approximately how many students are enrolled at the university of massachusetts ?
what do west indian steel bands use as instruments ?
what is the fastest growing state in the u.s.a. in 1998 ?
how many american soldiers have died for their country to date ?
what was the name of the u.s. 's first manned space program ?
who is langston hughes ?
what were the achievements of richard nixon ?
where does the opera singer ileana cotrubas come from ?
saddam hussein was compared to whom by president bush ?
what year was the naacp founded ?
in what year did thatcher gain power ?
who wrote the book , `` the grinch who stole christmas '' ?
where can i learn about samuel gompers ?
what jockey won 17 triple crown races ?
what u.s. state 's biggest lake is lake sam rayburn ?
what is greek pita ?
what do peacocks mate with ?
who seized power from milton obote in 1971 ?
what state is niagara falls located in ?
how hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
what is narcolepsy ?
what is the name of the american literary era that includes 1896 ?
what 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
what scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
what well-known actor is the father of star alan alda ?
where is the smithsonian institute located ?
what does the name ` alexandra ' mean ?
what is the size of argentina ?
what would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
what is leukemia ?
what stephen sondheim ballad ends   `` well , maybe next year.. . '' ?
how does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
what date is richard nixon 's birthday ?
what film canine is buried in pere-lachaise cemetery in paris ?
what little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
what percent of world 's fresh water is found in canada ?
cnn 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
why are the u.s. presidential elections held in november ?
how many grooves are on a dime ?
what number of american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
what is the acronym for the national bureau of investigation ?
how does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
what father and son won the medal of honor ?
how many consecutive baseball games did lou gehrig play ?
how many different types of skunks are there ?
what is the name of a salt lake city newspaper ?
what year did spielberg make `` jaws '' ?
what 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
what is the name of the woman who was with john belushi when he died ?
what is hyperopia ?
what color poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
what do most tourists visit in reims ?
which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
in what book can i find the story of aladdin ?
what united states city produces the most oil ?
how do you pronounce `` tzimisce '' ?
what 's the name of the tokyo stock exchange ?
what 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'the simpsons ' ?
what tv show premiered on january 15 , 1981 ?
what was the only country in the western hemisphere to join the russian-led boycott of the 1984 summer olympics ?
in what part of africa is mozambique located ?
what is the abbreviated term used for the national bureau of investigation ?
what is e-commerce ?
whose funeral train traveled from washington d.c. to springfield , illinois ?
how did names come about ?
what 's the better-known identity of john merrick , the noble ogre of victorian england ?
what is her husband 's name ?
what cigarette company urged us , `` come to where the flavor is ? ''
which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` outstanding mother award '' from the national mother 's day committee ?
what dynasty star made her 2th century-fox debut in the virgin queen ?
where is poe 's birthplace ?
what actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of life ?
what was the first tv set to include a remote control ?
name the company that used the line , `` even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
what first-aid product `` helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cells ?
what was the verdict in the trial of lizzie borden ?
what u.s. president had brothers-in-law in the confederate army ?
who is the queen of holland ?
what does the greek word polis mean , as in minneapolis ?
where can i find detailed information about manchukuo ?
what actor learned to play the saxophone and speak russian for a role in a movie ?
who says , `` if you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
who was secretary of state during the nixon administration ?
how much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in monopoly ?
where 's the gum department store ?
what is the literal meaning of `` d-day '' ?
what state was named the green mountain state ?
what carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
what year was the atm first introduced ?
what are all the southern states of the united states ?
who is johnny carson ?
what does 7847+5943 equal ?
what book is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life ?
why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
what attorneys work for the center for the defense of free enterprise ?
how did the u.s. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the spanish-american war ?
what is dick clark 's date of birth ?
what does the name `` sheri '' mean ?
what is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
how many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
what constellation is known as the water bearer ?
what tale has the moral   `` he who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
what u.s. university boasts the largest library ?
in which year was the cartoon character chilly willy created ?
name a salt lake city newspaper .
what state is mount mckinley in ?
how did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
which classical spanish writer said `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
what is swap math ?
what is hypnotherapy ?
what is rcd ?
how large is missouri 's population ?
which cats pursued tweety pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
what is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
which organization is the security council a part of ?
when was the internal combustion engine developed ?
how can i find out my biorhythm ?
who painted `` soft self-portrait with grilled bacon '' ?
what company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
what is a fear of touching ?
what is the name of the largest water conservancy project in china ?
who killed caesar ?
where is kings canyon ?
what are the words to the song sung by `` banana in pajamas '' ?
why are organ transplants more successful today ?
which is the most-used computer program ?
what is the root of all evil ?
what animal has the best hearing ?
what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
what amount of money did the philippine ex-dictator marcos steal from the treasury ?
what film featured shirley maclaine as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp ?
what is a fear of drinking ?
what asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
how many varieties of apple are there ?
who is count cinzano ?
who 's won the most oscars for costume design ?
what ernest hemingway novel had the working title fiesta ?
what color of monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
which beatles disc cover honors the rolling stones ?
why does it snow ?
what is the average life expectancy of a male in ireland in 1996 ?
what is `` vocal sampling '' ?
what ocean liner burned and sank in hong kong harbor ?
what city is near the mouth of the amazon ?
what u.s. vice-president once declared   `` if you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
who wrote the red badge of courage ?
what color , s , appear on boxes of kodak film ?
where did the inuits live ?
what is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
what is compaq 's mission statement ?
what was the name of the 1899 policy forced on china by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
how did rocky marciano die ?
who invented the road traffic cone ?
what is the name of joan jett 's band ?
which of the following people is not associated with andy warhol ?
what does visine get out ?
what civilization invented the arch ?
what are some fun things to do in cozumel , mexico for teenagers ?
what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
where was `` i have fallen , and i can 't get up '' said first ?
what president 's ghost is said to haunt the white house ?
what is the definition of hazmat ?
where did the wright brothers make their first flight ?
what do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
name the two youngsters saved by the animated moby dick .
who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
what is the snowiest city in the u.s. ?
what is crabgrass ?
what book opens   `` at a certain village in la mancha , which i shall not name.. . '' ?
who is stephen hawking ?
what does shield stand for ?
what is the gay science ?
why is jane goodall famous ?
what is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
the name of the actor who played the detective in the film kindergarden cop is what ?
what is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
what is the difference between optical and digital video ?
what clause in the u.s. constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
what 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
what actor came to dinner in guess who 's coming to dinner ?
what is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
what is a guild ?
what is the difference between college and graduate school ?
how do i change a file from an art file to a jpeg or bitmap file ?
what is franz kafka 's short story `` a country doctor '' trying to tell us ?
what engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
what south american capital is the world 's highest ?
what are the lyrics to the star spangled banner ?
name a civil war battlefield .
when do you plant winter wheat ?
what will a compass do in outer space ?
which college did dikembe mutombo attend ?
who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
who was the first black woman to star in the folies bergeres ?
what aesop 's fable has the moral   `` the race is not always to the swift. slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
what famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the venetian lagoon from venice ?
how is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
what is a hydrogen bond ?
what is the exchange rate between england and the u.s. ?
what does a woman want ?
what is the protection rate of using condoms ?
what 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
which continent has the most roses ?
what russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the napoleonic wars ?
how do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
how do i check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
what is your favorite color ?
what is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
how many corners does a spritsail have ?
what bottled-up tv character was born in baghdad ?
what is a multiplexer ?
what credit card features a centurion on its face ?
what are the four largest mountain ranges on the asian continent ?
what are the poconos ?
what does caliente mean , in english ?
what is jane goodall famous for ?
what is the mission of nike ?
what is thalassemia ?
how far can you see ?
what nuclear-powered russian submarine sank in the norwegian sea on april 7 , 1989 ?
why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
where in the bible does it tell about jesus christ 's brothers and sisters ?
what country boasts the southernmost point in continental europe ?
when did nostradamus believe world war iii would begin ?
what is so powerful about power bars ?
what country was brian boru an 11th-century king of ?
what happens when a body part falls asleep ?
what english word has the most letters ?
what film ends with the line   `` this is mrs. norman maine '' ?
who asked the musical question   `` have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
who wrote   `` poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a tree '' ?
what is june 's birthstone ?
where did the 6th annual meeting of indonesia-malaysia forest experts take place ?
why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
who played the part of the godfather in the movie , ` the godfather ' ?
when was london 's docklands light railway constructed ?
what is the origin of the proverb `` a stitch in time saves nine '' ?
what state capital comes last alphabetically ?
why is thanksgiving on a thursday ?
how do telephones work ?
what 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
how long did the charles manson murder trial last ?
who owns the st. louis rams ?
where is former pro wrestler johnny `` rubber man '' walker ?
what beer tells us , `` grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?
which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
what is diabetes ?
when do mormons believe christ was born ?
in what year was actress joan collins born ?
what is a fear of punishment ?
what is average salary of restaurant manager in united states ?
what device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
what will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
on average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
what 's a short ton ?
how long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
what two body parts grow all your life ?
what texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
what country has the port of haifa ?
what is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
what is the recipe for eggs benedict ?
what is the address for the main government office in rome , italy ?
what is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
what is goldenseal ?
who made the most appearances in the center square on hollywood squares ?
what is the chemical composition of a barbie ?
how many of every 10 members of the rodeo cowboys association have never worked a ranch ?
what store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
what is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
what is tetrinet ?
what `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
what is the longest english word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
what is chiricahua the name of ?
what 's the green variety of beryl called ?
what was the name of captain bligh 's ship ?
which is heavier - cream or milk ?
who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
where is romania located ?
how many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
how many small businesses are there in the u.s .
what age is benny carter ?
how do you clean an lcd monitor screen ?
what city did the mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
what is amezaiku ?
what two countries are linked by the brenner pass ?
what new games are available for nintendo 64 ?
mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
what is the predominant color of the tab label ?
what u.s. city was named for st. francis of assisi ?
how many megawatts will the power project in indonesia , built by a consortium headed by mission energy of us , produce ?
what is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
who is the sexiest women in the world ?
where can i get a photograph of professor randolph quirk ?
how do you handle a hungry man ?
who 's played the most games for the new york yankees ?
what tv character said ; `` one of these days , alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
what is the name of the indian who became prime minister by beating mrs. gandhi in the 1977 election ?
what are the conjugations of wake and woke ?
what chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
what was einstein 's iq ?
name the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
what are john c. calhoun and henry clay known as ?
what are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of lunt and fontanne ?
what are some good exercises for kids to do ?
what is the abbreviation of the national bureau of investigation ?
what is the principal river of ireland ?
what lake is the source of the white nile ?
garry kasparov plays what game ?
how much does a poodle weigh ?
what is zionism ?
what cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
how many points are there on a backgammon board ?
what have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
what product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
what else has the swastika stood for ?
why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
how many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
what are the 7 wonders of the world ?
when did theo rousseau paint the `` forest of fontaine '' ?
how many people have been captain america ?
what is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
what became the biggest cash crop in the u.s. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
how did the war of 1812 affect delaware ?
where is the human skin least sensitive ?
what president was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
what is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
what are all the rivers in europe ?
who won the superbowl in ?
what five cards make up a perfect cribbage hand ?
in what year was gandhi assassinated ?
what is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
what is the full classification of a lady bug ?
what hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the u.s. embassy 1956-1971 ?
how many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
what was the name of the peace agreement imposed on germany after world war i ?
what 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?
how do you box train a cat ?
what newspaper serves salt lake city ?
the film `` jaws '' was made in what year ?
how does lightning travel ?
what spice do chefs pay the most for ?
who directed citizen kane ?
what was the sister ship of the olympic ?
what is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to ireland instead of to los angeles ?
what is html ?
how do you identify prime numbers ?
whose special bear 's creator was born on january 18 , 1779 ?
what high school does archie attend ?
what animal migrates the farthest ?
why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
madonna hocks which soft drink ?
what television network flogged its sports programming on inga nielsen 's body in 197 ?
in what country is lund ?
what 's the sequel to alice 's adventures in wonderland ?
what italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
who said   `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
what 's a water funnel ?
what is a fear of worms ?
what is a chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
what does an emperor do ?
what president kissed the queen mother on the lips ?
what continent pushes up the executive committee mountain range ?
how do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
what was al capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
what food can i use to catch a possum ?
what was al capone 's nickname ?
who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
what is the largest city in germany ?
what is a fear of cholera ?
what park contains firehole river and fairy falls ?
what 's the largest island in the west indies ?
what new england state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
what is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?
in what county is eckley colorado ?
how much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-tree ?
what is the song stairway to heaven by led zeppelin about ?
what are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
how long do hermit crabs live ?
what city hosted the first winter olympics in asia ?
what is the origin of the first name ` breony ' ?
what month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger drink ?
what is the origin of `` beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
what soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own marvel comic book ?
what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
what does a&w of root beer fame stand for ?
what tennis term is said to come from the french word for egg ?
what does a collier mine ?
how much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
what desert country borders saudi arabia , iraq and the persian gulf ?
what are the ages in comic book lingo ?
what kinds of animals are in cambodia ?
what south african producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
what american actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
what do the 12 days of christmas mean ?
what john steinbeck novel portrays the joad family , driven from the oklahoma dustbowl ?
what date did man first land on the moon ?
where are the headquarters of eli lilly ?
how many web servers are there ?
what 's the last line of dickens 's a christmas carol ?
how many trees go into paper making in a year ?
where can i find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
how come light bulbs go out ?
for what reason did the shea & gould law firm close their l.a. office ?
how far out is the universe ?
what is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
what disease is the second-biggest killer of north americans ?
where did the mayan indians live ?
what happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
what is a fear of crystals or glass ?
name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
how many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
where did dylan thomas die ?
what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
what disease did august von wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
what card company sells christmas ornaments ?
how do i find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
what can communications satellites offer yachts ?
how many fig newtons are there to the pound ?
who is the premier of china ?
what cigar-chewing comedian observed   `` you 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
how many bones are there in the human hand ?
what bread company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ?
who was the president of vichy france ?
whose kidnaping was termed the crime of the century ?
what is hydrogen ?
what group asked the musical question do you believe in magic ?
what was the tallest building in america in 1922 ?
what buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
what is recruitment interview technique ?
how does a hurricane form ?
what does the donation process entail ?
how far is it from phoenix to blythe ?
what new hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in u.s. presidential elections ?
what garment was named for bradley , voorhees and day ?
who first broke the sound barrier ?
how many horses are there on a polo team ?
what 's destroyed in genesis 19   24 ?
what new year is celebrated on february 16th ?
what is occam 's razor ?
where do the grimace and mayor mccheese live ?
how long does it take to hike the entire appalachian trail ?
where is the world championship sled dog race held each february ?
what are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
how is thalassemia defined ?
what 's the name of the tampa newspaper ?
what is a storm surge ?
how do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
what is one of the languages of the sioux ?
what pulitzer prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of new york city ?
how is cologne made ?
what was the food of the greek gods called ?
what does camera-ready art mean ?
how many seats does the batmobile sport ?
how many cards are dealt to each player in gin rummy ?
what happened to phillip taylor kramer ?
what erica jong novel deals with isadora wing 's fear ?
what time of year do most people fly ?
who was scrooge 's dead partner in dickens 's a christmas carol ?
what is the origin of the christmas tree ?
when is the thai new year ?
what four tournaments make up tennis ' grand slam ?
what 1964 film introduced the song my kind of town ?
who recorded the 1957 hit tammy ?
what is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
in kafka 's metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
what does caliente translate to in english ?
who is mia farrow 's mother ?
how do you determine if a computer monitor has an svga adapter ?
how far can a human eye see ?
what time of year has the most air travel ?
what does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
when was the g7 group of nations formed ?
what are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
what baseball player was walked the most times ?
what famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera hansel and gretel ?
what were the first frozen foods ?
what is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
what percentage of all world tornados touch down in the us ?
what labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a michigan restaurant ?
when did the carolingian period begin ?
what motto ended merrie melodies cartoons ?
who reports the weather on the `` good morning america '' television show ?
how many emperors were there in the roman empire ?
what is cabarnet sauvignon ?
what is a virtual ip address ?
what 's the name of the tiger that advertises for frosted flakes cereal ?
who sent the brief message `` i came , i saw , i conquered '' ?
what color is mr. spock 's blood ?
what u.s. air force general led the first bombing raid over tokyo ?
what u.s. vice-president said   `` some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
what was the name of the first watergate special prosecutor , later fired by nixon ?
how do movie blues screens work ?
how does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
what 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the soviet communist party ?
what was the vietnam war ?
what is la nina ?
why did the globe theatre burn down ?
on what day were john f and jackie kennedy married ?
what was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
what is meant by blood sed rate ?
who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the kalahari desert in africa ?
who won a pulitzer prize for his novel the caine mutiny ?
what 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
where is your corpus callosum ?
what broadway musical featured the song , `` if i were a rich man ? ''
who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
why is the development of space so important ?
what is the nursery rhyme rock-a-by baby about ?
when superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
how old is singer freedy johnston ?
what is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
what does aaron mean ?
what is a fear of hair ?
what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
what is a conifer ?
who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
what is different about the red and black fox ?
what is e-commerce ?
how do i tie a tie ?
where can i get cotton textiles importer details ?
when did spain and korea start ambassadorial relations ?
what kind of people took part in shays ' rebellion in massachusetts in 1787 ?
what is chromatology ?
how many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
how was the aclu formed ?
what are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
what do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
what canal does the thatcher ferry bridge span ?
what american won the world grand prix driving championship in 1978 ?
what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
what 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
where can i find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to american standard ?
what is the name of kevin costner 's movie about sioux indians ?
name a female figure skater .
why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
how long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
how is abigail arcane related to the villainous opponent of the swamp thing ?
what did the congress of vienna establish ?
what is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
what harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
how many spears are there on kenya 's flag ?
what did mighty mouse always sing as he went into action ?
where did george of the jungle live ?
how did bob marley die ?
what 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
what percentage of american men are alcoholic ?
in south korea , how many american soldiers are there ?
who portrayed carl bernstein in all the president 's men ?
what are the numbers that fit into fermont 's last theorem ?
who was tiny tim 's father ?
what does a heliologist study ?
what shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
where do i find information for foreclosure properties on the internet ?
who is the antichrist ?
what was the first english play written exclusively for children ?
which latin american country is the largest ?
what was the former residence of scottish kings in edinburgh ?
how many teats does a female goat sport ?
how tall is kilamanjaro ?
what country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
what country is the origin of the band the creeps ?
what did the crocodile swallow in peter pan ?
what is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
which of the following celebrities was not born in philadelphia ?
what is the number of american soldiers deployed to south korea ?
where is the biggest bell ?
what is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
how do microwaves work ?
what magazine paid ernest hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
what is the estimated total u.s. whitetail deer population ?
who wrote the farmer 's almanac ?
what animal received royal assent as an emblem of canada on march 24 , 1975 ?
what number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
which team won the super bowl in 1968 ?
what is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
what film dramatized the scopes monkey trial ?
cnn is owned by whom ?
what is the highest roman numeral ?
what tv series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at silver springs , florida ?
who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
how is digital audio used ?
what is afs ?
who was quetzalcoatl ?
what operating system do ibm-compatible machines use ?
what french leader sold louisiana to the united states ?
what bay sparkles next to miami , florida ?
how many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
what famed river flows through bagdad ?
how is bubble wrap made ?
what is java ?
who is the prime minister of japan ?
what 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
how many `` no '' answers was the what 's my line ? panel allowed ?
what is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
who wrote the book , `` song of solomon '' ?
where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?
name the ranger who was always after yogi bear .
what tv show did john sebastian sing the theme for ?
who is the president of the spanish government ?
who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
which of the following actors worked in new york 's yiddish theater ?
who invented the stethoscope ?
what is a mathematical factor ?
how many four star generals were there and who are they ?
when did nixon die ?
what was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the pole ?
what comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie ?
how many members are in the california congressional delegation ?
what erupts every hour at yellowstone national park ?
what country contains the highest point in south america ?
what are arnold palmer 's fans called ?
who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
what constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
who developed potlatch ?
how long did shea and gould practice law in los angeles ?
what 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
what group included abbey hoffman , jerry rubin , and tom hayden ?
what made jane goodall famous ?
at what age did rossini stop writing opera ?
what russian seaport has a name meaning `` lord of the east '' ?
name the two actress daughters of john mills .
how old was gene siskel ?
what can be done about snoring ?
what rocky mountain ridge separates north america 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?
who is the actress bette davis once said she wished she looked like ?
who portrayed the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz ?
what does a chiropodist treat ?
what is porphyria ?
what gate opened on east and west berlin ?
who was the first king of england ?
what made the finger lakes in western new york state ?
in what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
how many calories are there in soy sauce ?
who killed kurt cobain ?
who created the monster in mary shelley 's novel frankenstein ?
what 's the farthest planet from the sun ?
why does the sun shine only a short time in alaska ?
what chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
how big is our galaxy in diameter ?
what product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
when is a woman most fertile ?
what son of a 15-year-old mexican girl and a half-irish father became the world 's most famous greek ?
who was the first man to return to space ?
what brand of jeans did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd ?
what did the seven dwarfs do for a living ?
who shot billy the kid ?
what is he doing now ?
what mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
what video format was an alternative to vhs ?
where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
what is money made of ?
what 's the name of a hotel in indianapolis ?
how many people in tucson ?
where is melbourne ?
with whom did bush compare saddam hussein ?
what is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
what pillar of the dutch renaissance painted aristotle contemplating the bust of homer ?
what is the largest county in size in massachusetts ?
what is the name of the brilliant british economist behind its creation ?
who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke show ?
what is it like to experience a near death episode ?
what mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
how much is a canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
why didn 't european colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
what natural attractions draw the most visitors in the united states ?
what presidential administration challenged americans to explore the new frontier ?
how many years did sleeping beauty sleep ?
how long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
how do i know someone is truly in love with me ?
which of many numbered vats of scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
what is literary criticism ?
how do you throw a housewarming party ?
what international sport was originally called hurley ?
what famous british actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
what does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
what country was kim philby really working for ?
what does freddy freeman say to become captain marvel jr. ?
what country was hitler the chancellor of ?
what is rona barrett 's married name ?
how many years make up a lustrum ?
what are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
who is the mathematician that won the noble prize for literature in 1950 ?
which glamorous actress is a close friend of dick tracy ?
what 1956 grace metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
name the three races unleashed by the celestials in marvel comics .
how old is the italian artist maurizio pellegrin ?
what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
what is the distinction of erle stanley gardner 's the case of the terrified typist ?
what north american city would you visit to see cleopatra 's needle ?
when was the nfl established ?
where can i find an ask an expert site ?
what writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful broadway and underworld characters ?
what u.s. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
what are the residents of the island of lesbos called ?
what is the organizational structure of the new delhi indira gandhi airport ?
at christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
what international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
what is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
who 's baby was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon ?
where is mile high stadium ?
what were baffin , frobisher and franklin looking for ?
what is limbo ?
what city contains the district of hell 's kitchen ?
what interesting method was used to run the credits in the early popeye cartoons ?
what are the stars made of ?
what english physician was born on january 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
who did arthur h. bremer try to assassinate on may 15 , 1972 ?
how fast must a spacecraft travel to escape earth 's gravity ?
what apostle is taylor caldwell 's great lion of god ?
how many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
what anesthetic did queen victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
what element , from the periodic table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
what is a tonne ?
which one of the great lakes is entirely within u.s. territory ?
what is deet ?
what company sells the most greeting cards ?
what u.s. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
what is the bernoulli principle ?
what 's comic strip photographer peter parker 's secret identity ?
what is difference between a poster and a print ?
in which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?
what are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
what nationality is pope john paul ii ?
what is false consciousness ?
which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
how many israeli athletes were killed at the munich olympics ?
what is the scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
when was richard nixon born ?
what new york city landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
where is the bulls basketball team based ?
what is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
which rockefeller was sometimes called `` jdr3 '' ?
what is the average hours per months spent online by aol users ?
whom did friz freleng add to the warner bros. cartoon ranks ?
what is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
what started in 1849 when gold was discovered at sutter 's mill ?
what is a first world country ?
who was shakespeare 's moorish general ?
what 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?
what country was erich honecker the leader of ?
how does salt melt ice and snow ?
what two japanese cities are spelled with the letters k , o , o , t and y ?
who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comics ?
where did wile e. coyote always get his devices ?
how far away is the moon ?
what famous film and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
what is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
what was the reason for the partition of the anglican and vatican churches ?
what is butterfield 8 in butterfield 8 ?
what is dtmf ?
name a movie that the actress , sandra bullock , had a role in .
what blew up at lakehurst , new jersey , on may 6 , 1977 ?
who commanded the french forces at the battle of orleans ?
where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
what countries does the mont blanc tunnel join ?
what ill-fated craft was captained by ernst lehmann ?
when did amtrak begin operations ?
how many bones are in the human hand ?
how many chemical elements are there ?
what eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the u.s. ?
what are the three most populated countries in the world ?
who led the opposition when konrad adenauer was chancellor in germany ?
what is the current population for these countries   france , spain , italy , greece , austria , germany , switzerland , the netherlands ?
what is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
what color is the lipstick on boy george 's wax lips at london 's madame tussaud 's ?
what is the origin of the candy cane at christmas ?
what is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
what terror of the sea did johnny horton sing about ?
what is the largest office block in the world ?
who turned all he touched to gold ?
what is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
what country did the romans call hibernia ?
who was the most famous food editor of the new york times ?
how many dogs pull a sled in the iditarod ?
what 's a male witch called ?
how long does cocaine stay in your system ?
what two countries fought the hundred years ' war ?
who was the last u.s. president to reinstate selective service registration ?
on which dates does the running of the bulls occur in pamplona , spain ?
what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
what actress 's autobiography is titled shelley   also known as shirley ?
how many colors was the 1940s collectible called a donald duck rubber boat ?
how did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
who lived on the shores of the gitchee gumee river ?
what did tristan come back as ?
what country will hit the year 2 first ?
what colors make up a rainbow ?
who is section manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
what is goldfinger 's first name ?
what square is the geographical center of london ?
which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
what is the most populated city in the world ?
how many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in edgar degas 's 1886 painting the tub ?
what is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
what does jessica mean ?
where did victor hugo spend his exile ?
how does the elongated man know a mystery is afoot ?
what food of the three bears did goldilocks eat ?
what is boston kreme ?
who should i call to get a tour of the new york stock exchange ?
how many airline schools are there in the u.s. ?
what u.s. general died december 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
what is a swatch ?
what does ouija mean ?
how many major nazi leaders went on trial after the war at nuremberg ?
what kind of fish is a coney ?
what state did helen keller call home ?
what was the name of the director of the movie `` jaws '' ?
what steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
what were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
what year is etched on the gold medal of excellence from the paris exposition depicted on a can of campbell 's tomato soup ?
what country 's royal house is bourbon-parma ?
who portrayed w.c. fields in the film w.c. fields and me ?
what were the ceremony traditions like during the elizabethian times ?
which college did dikembe mutombo play basketball at ?
what is a fear of going to bed ?
where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
how much money does the sultan of brunei have ?
what month 's third weekend is the monterey jazz festival held on ?
what is the `` global economy '' ?
who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
what is a caul ?
who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
what does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
what is a bone marrow transplant ?
what is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
what african capital is named for a u.s. president ?
what is the name of a language spoken by the sioux ?
what mediterranean island is home to the first club med ?
what does an edentulous smile lack ?
what is a fear of jealousy ?
where can you find the venus flytrap ?
what is the largest sculpture in the world ?
when was john d. rockefeller born ?
what building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
what is home banking ?
what william makepeace thackeray novel was made into a film by stanley kubrick ?
who was the lawyer for randy steven craft ?
how do hermit crabs reproduce ?
who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
how do you stop junk snail mail ?
what future soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to marxism ?
how long does james bond like his eggs boiled ?
what u.s. city 's skyline boasts the gateway arch ?
where is belize located ?
what 's the common name for a japanese dwarf tree ?
what did thomas paine write ?
who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a character named ron raider for promotion ?
who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown winners ?
what lewis carroll book introduced humpty dumpty to the world ?
who wrote brave new world ?
what state does charles robb represent ?
what is hydroelectricity ?
how many people are taller than 7 feet ?
who wrote unsafe at any speed ?
how many islands make up antigua ?
how does an abacus work ?
what causes rust ?
what is the fear of the computer called ?
what is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
what u.s. state boasts stone mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
what british commander surrendered to george washington at yorktown in 1781 ?
who created the world wide web , www ?
what is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
what is the name of the president of garmat u.s.a ?
what was the name of the television show , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the title ?
who were leaders of the byzantine empire ?
who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
what is splatterpunk ?
who built the first pyramid ?
what southeast asian country has the wang river joining the ping river at tak ?
what italian city of 155 were leonardo da vinci , michaelangelo , and machiavelli all working in ?
what color tennis balls are used at wimbledon ?
what is a 2-sided object called ?
name a french fascist party .
name the french historical period during the reign of napoleon iii .
what movie has made the most money ?
what is time ?
what is the name of the largest city in chile , south america ?
what are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
what ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
how many cities are there in utah ?
what famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
how many visitors go to the vatican each year ?
what is the population of mexico ?
how do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
what is the best online games site ?
why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
what century did art 's romantic period begin in ?
how many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
what is a cake of soap ?
in what year was the berlin wall erected ?
what is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
what is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
what does msg stand for ?
on what avenue is the original saks department store located ?
where does the song anything goes take place ?
where was the first zoo in the u.s. ?
what is april 's gemstone ?
what is the present pope named ?
who is the nebbish that is marvel 's official mascot ?
what powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
what did the chinese emperor present to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
what is one of the languages spoken by the sioux called ?
how many bytes are in a terabyte ?
in what ways did ivan iv support russian expansion ?
approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
what sport is known for hooligans ?
who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
who was damocles ?
what sport was the first televised in the u.s. ?
name dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
when was the congress of vienna ?
what are the lyrics to `` smelly cat '' ?
how much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
what year was the first automobile manufactured ?
how many colonies did germany get to keep after world war i ?
how many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
whose biography by maurice zolotow is titled shooting star ?
what concerts are held in new york this week ?
in the movie groundshog day what is the name of the character played by andie macdowell ?
what are the requirements for becoming a citizen of australia ?
how old is benny carter ?
what are the top ten all-time money making nfl teams ?
what were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
where can i read about chiang kai-shek ?
what country borders the most others ?
what does the e stand for in the equation e=mc2 ?
what river runs through colorado , kansas , and oklahoma ?
which airplane did fawaz younis hijack ?
what is win rah ?
why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
what does vcr stand for ?
how close a cousin was franklin d. to theodore roosevelt ?
name a novel written by john steinbeck .
who was the first american citizen awarded the albert medal of the society of arts ?
what doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
how do boats float ?
what are the shoe sizes of o 'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba players ?
who founded the unification church ?
how many zeros are there in a trillion ?
what was the name of the crimean meeting of roosevelt , churchill , and stalin ?
what are the only players eligible to score points in roller derby called ?
what are the statistics for drunken drivers in maryland ?
what ill-fated american general dragged a bull terrier named willie through world war ii ?
what 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
where does tuberculosis come from ?
who invented the lawnmower ?
where can i find lyrics for r&b ?
what is the name of david letterman 's dog ?
what u.s. senator once played basketball for the new york knicks ?
what are the titles of some r-rated sony playstation games ?
what playing card symbolizes death ?
what is an urban legend ?
what is li 'l abner 's last name ?
how many liberty bells have there been ?
what two countries are separated by the bering strait ?
what is smartnet ?
what is a synonym for aspartame ?
jackson pollock is of what nationality ?
what are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''
what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ?
which thrilled taste buds first - snickers or 3 musketeers ?
what animal do buffalo wings come from ?
what is the purpose of the sysrq key on my computer keyboard ?
when was franklin d. roosevelt stricken with polio ?
how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
how do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
where on the internet can i get chemicals importers ?
what was the first country to put a second woman in space ?
what was the 24-disc john gabel entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
what is the feudal system ?
who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
what 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
what prison is found in ossining , new york ?
what country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to russians ?
what is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
name the story by chris van allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
what are the components of polyester ?
who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ?
what hall of fame pitcher started three world series games for the new york yankees in 1962 ?
what is the longest river in the united states ?
what does the channel espn stand for ?
what river is windsor castle on ?
what is the best brand for a laptop computer ?
where is natchitoches , louisiana ?
what do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
what political party is sinn fein a part of ?
what was franklin roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the great depression ?
what is the name of a greek god ?
what 's the capital of taiwan ?
what is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
what was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with aaron burr ?
what did louis cartier invent for aviator santos dumont in 1940 ?
what will the california gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
what city is served by tempelhol airport ?
who directed the first woody woodpecker cartoon ?
cnn is an acronym for what ?
what is the origin of the name igor ?
what was the first gilbert and sullivan opera ?
what two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
where in the united states do people live the longest ?
what country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
what is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
what was the first minimum wage ?
what is the difference between a college and a university ?
what substance did joseph priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
what are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
how can i get my product licensed by the nba ?
what fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
what effect does a prism have on light ?
how many people lived in nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
what is software piracy ?
what year was janet jackson 's first album released ?
how do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
what tv character sired a horse named thunder ?
what are some children 's rights ?
what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
what baseball player was known as charley hustle ?
who killed lee harvey oswald ?
what 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign gemini ?
who was red grange ?
what hockey team did wayne gretzky play for ?
what series of trials followed world war ii ?
what ivy league school plays its home games at palmer stadium ?
who invented the fax machine ?
how wide is the atlantic ocean ?
how is the element strontium purified ?
what was the eighth day following the nones in each month of the roman calendar called ?
what singer 's theme song was when the moon comes over the mountain ?
how did peabody and sherman travel through time ?
who was santos-dumont ?
how many meters are in a mile ?
what is a fear of money ?
about how many soldiers died in world war ii ?
who is rocky 's and bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
who is robin williams ?
who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
who created `` the muppets '' ?
how do you make dumplings ?
the operating system that runs on ibm-compatible machines is called what ?
what is the name of the family circus 's dog ?
what did martin luther post on the church door at wittenberg ?
what is the meaning of the name kathryn ?
name one of the major gods of hinduism .
what should you do for an ankle sprain ?
what dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?
what is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
what two us biochemists won the nobel prize in medicine in 1992 ?
what record company was formed by herb alpert and jerry moss ?
where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
what is thermal equilibrium ?
what is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
what fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
how many neurons are in the human brain ?
what is a fear of reptiles ?
what does knight ridder publish ?
what city is . kdge radio located in ?
what can one see in reims ?
how is an executioner determined ?
what city was bobby kennedy assassinated in ?
what 's the highest possible bid in contract bridge ?
what is the medical condition of hypertension ?
what london museum features a chamber of horrors ?
what city is served by mccarren airport ?
how many lakes are there on the earth ?
what is doegs ?
who else was considered for the role of luke skywalker when george lucas was casting for star wars ?
how long does a fly live ?
what two major world religions began in india ?
how many pounds are there in a stone ?
what kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
what is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the marvel universe ?
what amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
how do you select wine ?
how many miles is it from frankfurt , germany to salzburg , austria ?
how many chairs are shown in vincent van gogh 's 188 work the artist 's room in arles ?
what is a fear of stings ?
jude law was in what movie ?
what state on the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
where can i find a case on americans with disabilities act of 199 ?
who is the prophet that is most connected to the dead sea ?
what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
what is infomatics ?
what is the purpose of bios ?
what is the name of the kids ' show from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ?
where are the apartments in saint john , new brunswick ?
who wrote `` the pit and the pendulum '' ?
what does a resurrectionist steal ?
why did the shea & gould law firm leave los angeles ?
what two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
who is the incredible hulk in reality ?
what does nasa stand for ?
which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
what month did the edmund fitzgerald sink ?
who are the presidents of mexico and indonesia ?
who played al jolson in the jolson story ?
what is a pig in a poke ?
where were the 196 summer olympics held ?
where is los vegas ?
name the country which honecker lived in .
what u.s. state are the finger lakes in ?
what is a cullion ?
what are the ten safest american cities for pedestrians ?
what tv detective did craig stevens play ?
what are the most common causes of death in the u.s. ?
where can i find a picture of a blue meanie ?
what university fired angela davis ?
what u.s. state does the continental divide leave to enter canada ?
in the past 8 years who have the mvp players for the nhl been ?
in ad 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?
who played emperor palpatine in star wars ?
what 's the name of the wilkes plantation in gone with the wind ?
where is the statistical abstract of the united states online ?
what 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?
what was the importance of magellan ?
when was the brandenburg gate in berlin built ?
what do i have to do to get good grades in school ?
whose husbands have included conrad hilton jr. , and michael wilding ?
what does the number `` 5 '' stand for on fubu clothing ?
who is king in alley oop 's home of moo ?
what four tastes can a human distinguish ?
what is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
how much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
what percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
what date is boxing day ?
how many inches tall is stuart little at birth ?
what 1953 film won frank sinatra a best supporting actor oscar ?
how many stradivarius violins were ever made ?
who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
what is a leper ?
what was einstein 's birthplace ?
what was george washington afraid of ?
what century 's the setting for tv 's the adventures of robin hood ?
who wrote the bible ?
what are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?
what are the `` star wars '' satellites ?
who is henry butler ?
what debts did qintex group leave ?
which u.s. president is buried in washington , d.c. ?
what is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
what did san francisco 's milt harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?
what college did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ?
where are the austerlitz and victor hugo subway stops ?
where did ty cobb grow up ?
what is a philanthropist ?
what is a portal ?
what tom wolfe book is about the mercury astronauts ?
what cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
what is the per-capita income of colombia , south america ?
how many types of cheese are there in france ?
how many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
how many websites are there in the world ?
what is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
who made the first airplane ?
what measures did clinton take to avoid the draft ?
what are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
how many points is a disk in the center hole worth in crokinole ?
how do websites like yahoo and excite make money ?
what general direction does the journey in around the world in 80 days proceed in ?
how do they produce vitamins ?
the lawyer who represented randy craft , what was his name ?
what organization is the security council a part of ?
what is new england 's highest mountain ?
what tv station did mary richards work for ?
what does idle mean ?
what was the claim to fame of the football game that saw fordham defeat waynesburg state 12601 on september 3 , 1939 ?
what is a serigraph ?
what football bowl game 's first queen was hallie woods ?
who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
what year did the war of 1812 begin ?
what are the words to the cd eminem 's , or slim shady , `` my name is '' ?
what does final four refer to in the sports world ?
who is peter weir ?
what medium is stuart hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
what is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
how many verses are in the bible ?
what is endometriosis ?
what is a geoscientist ?
what robust u.s. president imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
what are all the different types of pizza ?
from what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
in what nation is edessa located nowadays ?
name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
what drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
what is the vdrl test of blood ?
what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
what was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
where is the largest dam in the world ?
who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
what did andy hardy 's father do for a living ?
independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
in what part of the world is mozambique ?
who are woody woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
what film opens with an assassin tumbling from the seattle space needle ?
how can i give myself a french manicure ?
who was the first english circumnavigator of the globe ?
what is the definition of the scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
what is the salary of a u.s. representative ?
who made the largest cocaine seizure in ventura county history ?
who liberated 19th century sicily and naples ?
on what river is strasbourg built ?
what 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
what country is located at 13 degrees north latitude and 10 degrees east longitude ?
where are the busiest ports in the world ?
what is the pig population of the world ?
how does the car in `` christine '' become possessed ?
what city does mccarren airport serve ?
what are the low countries ?
what rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
aspartame is also called what ?
what is a fear of trees ?
what actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading scotland forever ?
what holidays or observances are celebrated in italy ?
who appointed the chair of the federal reserve ?
why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
in a computer , what does scsi mean ?
why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
where can i find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along north america and the caribbean ?
what english queen had six fingers on one hand ?
what kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
when did mount st. helens last erupt ?
what does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?
what exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
how many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters   c ?
what time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
what does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
what 's the longest river in canada ?
what tennis player has the nickname `` nasty '' ?
what non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed jack the dripper by time ?
how many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
how many millimeters are in a mile ?
how big is a baby bald eagle ?
what color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
what was the great britain population from 1699-172 ?
how can a foreigner get a u.s. social security card ?
what is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
what is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?
what mountain range marks the border of france and spain ?
what late-night tv show features larry , bud , melman and toast on a stick ?
what is the fastest computer ?
who founded the modern theory of probability ?
what 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
how many people did randy craft murder ?
who 's the king of swing ?
what bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san francisco ?
what does the term glory hole mean ?
what south vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
what 's the staff of life mentioned in the lord 's prayer ?
how old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
when was the hoover dam constructed ?
what ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
how many tenths of the earth 's surface lie under water ?
what is the pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
how does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
who won the 1968 california democratic primary ?
who spoke the only word in mel brooks 's silent movie ?
what was thatcher 's first name ?
how do i get my lan card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a hub ?
what do insects do through their spiracles ?
name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
what are the languages spoken by the natives in afghanistan ?
what is the origin of boxing day ?
what robert louis stevenson novel was inspired by deacon william brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
what is a fear of rejection ?
what was the rallying cry of the early american revolutionaries ?
who was the first russian astronaut to walk in space ?
what is the best selling computer model ever ?
who wrote ` dubliners ' ?
what is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
what are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
what 's the claim to fame of night watchman frank wills ?
name of king arthur 's sword ?
what 1981 candice bergen-jacqueline bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's old acquaintance ?
who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
what is the fare cost for the round trip between new york and london on concorde ?
what is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
what does the name calder mean ?
who said `` give me liberty or give me death '' ?
what does the abbreviation oas stand for ?
what frederick forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an african government by mercenaries ?
what makes black hills , south dakota a tourist attraction ?
by how much will the california state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
what 's japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
name of the powerful white trader in conrad 's `` heart of darkness '' ?
how long is the border between canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
what do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?
what color is the cross on switzerland 's flag ?
what is the largest island in the mediterranean sea ?
what was joe namath 's first contract worth ?
where is rider college ?
how can i gain access to a spy satelite ?
what is archimedes famous for ?
where does dew come from ?
how old was lucille ball when the show `` i love lucy '' premiered ?
what 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?
what landmark italian restaurant can be found at 239 west 48th street , new york city ?
what do you call a book of quotes ?
how many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
what are some mythology websites ?
what is cunnilingus ?
rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
what 1942 espionage movie reunited director john huston with maltese falconers humphrey bogart , mary astor , and sidney greenstreet ?
what nationality is ileana cotrubas ?
what is object-oriented design ?
why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
what is the population of kansas ?
who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
what is the name of the deranged super-criminal otto octavius uses ?
whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on academy award thank-yous ?
name the tree growing company .
what is dr. seuss ' most popular book ?
how does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
where did the world come from ?
what does verdandi mean ?
what animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
what island group is guadalcanal a part of ?
who declared   `` i think i 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
what is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
how do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
how many e-commerce companies are started every day ?
how can you define time ?
what is judy garland 's date of birth ?
what does hiv stand for ?
what is shirley maclaine known as ?
how is plastic made ?
what are the 7 principles of learning from the institute for research on learning , irl ?
what book was f. scott fitzgerald working on when he died in hollywood in 194 ?
how do ants have sex ?
which former ku klux klan member won an elected office in the u.s. ?
what is the length of border between the ukraine and russia ?
what joins white wine to put the spritz in a spritzer ?
what is a nematode ?
what is the meaning of `` cpr '' ?
what color are seven of every 10 houses in the u.s. ?
what does a phobophobe fear ?
what is capitalism according to max weber ?
what country has the highest arson rate ?
what color beans did the ancient romans refuse to eat ?
what do sailors use to measure time ?
who was the actor who played sam in the movie casablanca ?
what city does orly airport serve ?
where did woodstock take place ?
what 's the most popular form of gambling with women in las vegas ?
what task does the bouvier breed of dog perform ?
what is the average time to kiss somene ?
what are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?
what new orleans d.a. claimed   `` my staff and i solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
where can one find rider college ?
how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
what is bella abzug 's sartorial trademark ?
what was the real name of writer ross macdonald , creator of the hero lew archer ?
what spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
what does the word affiant mean ?
how big is australia ?
what does it take to be a hero ?
how do they type chinese characters on a keyboard ?
what animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?
what is a fear of ruin ?
what countries have the most auto thefts ?
who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
what director portrayed the commandant of the pow camp in 1953 's stalag 17 ?
what are the names of jacques cousteau 's two sons ?
what british tv series inspired all in the family ?
what does the word terrorism mean ?
who accompanied space ghost on his missions ?
what does n est-ce pas mean ?
name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except q , with no repeats .
what is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
what world war ii leader declared   `` the blow has been struck '' ?
how can i get a cct diagram ?
what country boasts ismail 's palace and the palace of king farouk ?
what broadway show introduced the song some enchanted evening ?
what is a plant supplement ?
where could i go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
when not adventuring on rann , what does adam strange call his profession ?
how do you do a bibliography page ?
what occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
what drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?
how loud is thunder ?
what california governor said   `` inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
what is an ecological niche ?
who is desmond tutu ?
who was the first person to study the stars ?
where did the term fireplug come from ?
what facial feature did walt disney sport that none of disney 's employees is allowed to ?
who is the author of the book , `` the iron lady   a biography of margaret thatcher '' ?
what are the top 10 colleges in the united states in the field of engineering ?
how much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , thomas jefferson on it ?
what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
where is the bridge over the river kwai ?
how do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
how many people did the united nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in somalia in september 1992 ?
how many elephants are left on earth ?
what is a softball made of ?
what `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer prince 's hit song ?
who did doris day mean when she said   `` i call him ernie because he 's certainly no rock '' ?
what kind of species is the monster in the film `` jaws '' ?
when was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
what is a drought ?
what are the benefits of home school ?
what scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
what is the best-selling book of all time ?
what do hank aaron , jimmy stewart , and howard k. smith have in common ?
what are the first six words of dickens 's a tale of two cities ?
how long would it take to get from earth to mars ?
where can i get mailing lists ?
who is the owner of cnn ?
how long was the oj simpson trial ?
what country lies directly south of detroit ?
where did surfing originate ?
why was henry ford 's first automobile calleda model t & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a model a ?
how do companies cut paper so thin ?
what is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
what nuclear process takes place in an h-bomb ?
what 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
what card suit originally represented the peasant class ?
what 's the hungarian word for pepper ?
what does the peugeot company manufacture ?
how many different countries export coffee ?
what is a fear of everything ?
how many continents are there ?
which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?
what is office automation ?
what instrument does benny carter play ?
what knighted actor narrates tv 's the world at war ?
what football coach 's story was told in the movie run to daylight ?
what businesses in alaska were affected by the exxon valdez oil spill ?
what does lloyd 's lutine bell announce ?
when did the chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
where did the maya people live ?
what do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
what was the name of randy craft 's lawyer ?
what is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
kosovo is a province of what country ?
what new england state covers 5.9 square miles ?
what is the abbreviation for original equipment manufacturer ?
hitler came to power in germany in what year ?
who markets spaghetti-o 's ?
what did the ancients call the four great elements ?
where are the haversian canals ?
what animal 's tail is called a brush ?
how many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
what were the names of the three ships used by columbus ?
who co-starred with julie andrews in mary poppins ?
where can i find the status of my tax return ?
what is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
what is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?
how do wasps make their nests ?
when was general manuel noriega ousted as the leader of panama and turned over to u.s. authorities ?
how many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
what kind of crystals exist ?
which is the best opening move in chess ?
what do ladybugs eat ?
who was ezra taft benson ?
what is the taj majal made of ?
where is the kentucky horse park ?
what argentine boxer was shot dead outside a nevada brothel in may ?
what country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
what happened to pompeii ?
what does a farrier put shoes on ?
name a sioux language .
what does saliva consist of ?
what is jimmy olsen 's full name ?
how many people have died of tuberculosis ?
what is another name for nearsightedness ?
how many days does a typical mayfly live ?
what famous new york city mayor wrote the hit song , `` will you love me in december as you do in may ? ''
what russian city used to be called st. petersburg and petrograd ?
what is the definition of a witch ?
what are the cookies in internet ?
how many votes in congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with japan ?
who is pia zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
what u.s. president was the first to breed mules ?
what is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
what astronomer-architect designed the present st. paul 's cathedral in london ?
what feminist wrote sexual politics and flying ?
who was the first american world chess champion ?
what is the zodiac sign for august 14 ?
who was the last woman executed in england ?
how many school districts are there in the united states ?
what university football team did o.j. simpson take to the rose bowl ?
what does snafu stand for ?
what color is chablis ?
what nfl team did vince lombardi end his coaching career with ?
how much iron is in your body ?
what is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
when did thatcher become prime minister ?
what are some good fractal web sites ?
what country imposed the berlin blockade in 1948 ?
what future movie treat was introduced to american colonists in 1603 by native americans ?
who is prince naseem hamed ?
what kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
how many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
where is webster university ?
what sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
what is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of california ?
how hot should the oven be when making peachy oat muffins ?
how old is britney spears ?
where can i get piano music for the jamiroquai song everyday for the midi ?
what country 's capital was formed when pesth and buda merged ?
what is the origin of u.s. army sergeant 's stripes ?
what is proposition 98 about ?
what town was the setting for the music man ?
what did woody allen call the japanese gangster film he dubbed into english as a comedy ?
why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
what title does comedian henry youngman claim ?
what is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
who made the first airplane that could fly ?
what kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the english civil war time ?
where can i find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
what makes salt ?
how many people die from snakebite poisoning in the u.s. per year ?
how high is the city of denver ?
who was international olympic committee chairman at the 1936 summer games ?
when was florida admitted into the union ?
how many times a year does the american gourd society publish the gourd ?
where can i read about abraham lincoln ?
what will the increase be in the california gas tax by 2000 ?
how far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
what whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
what appointments secretary to richard nixon went to jail ?
who released the internet worm in the late 1980s ?
what is the name of the american who was captured when his plane went down over syrian-held lebanon ?
where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
what is lung cancer ?
what school does tom attend in tom brown 's school days ?
what basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
what does playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between playboy and its readers '' ?
how many american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
how many cables support the main span of the golden gate bridge ?
how much did manchester united spend on players in 1993 ?
why were red m&ms discontinued then brought back ?
what does it take to become a lawyer ?
who invented the fountain ?
what room did w.c. fields keep his library in ?
what batman character tools around on a batcycle ?
what are the main blood vessels ?
what does `` saute '' mean ?
where can i find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
what type is a snail ?
who was sherlock holmes 's archenemy ?
where is `` global schoolhouse '' ?
how many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
what are the top vegetable crops in the world ?
what volcano showers ash on sicily ?
where are the u.s. headquarters for procter & gamble ?
why did the aztecs first think the spanish were gods ?
what are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
what does warner bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?
when did mount st. helen last have a major eruption ?
what are super balls made of ?
what 's the name of tom sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
what is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?
which member of the micronauts spent 1 years traveling the microverse in the marvel comics ?
what doctor claimed in a 1946 book   `` there is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
how long has l.l. cool j. been married ?
how much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
what comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named cauliflower mcpugg ?
how tall is prince charles ?
what is the weight of air ?
what is a fear of children ?
what is ouzo ?
what race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
what is the capital of uruguay ?
what does the t.s. stand for in t.s. eliot 's name ?
how long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?
who is william wordsworth ?
what is making love ?
who is charles lindbergh ?
how tall is the replica of the matterhorn at disneyland ?
what are the largest deserts in the world ?
where is qatar ?
why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
what is the richest state in the u.s. ?
who is the prime minister in norway ?
what is a urologist ?
what actress starred in `` the lion in winter '' ?
what 's bottled in jeroboams ?
who won the rugby world cup in ?
what is nicholas cage 's profession ?
how many times was pitcher , warren spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
how many pins are used in skittles ?
what qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
what california bridge was don brown the first to cross , on may 27 , 1937 ?
who is the famous sister of actress olivia de havilland ?
which german president was pressured into appointing hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
how many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
what is the history of the hairdryer ?
which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?
what trade did the 15th and 16th century portuguese hope to control between asia and europe ?
what happened in the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
what was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?
what is a fear of sinning ?
where is the thomas edison museum ?
what was the first minimum wage ?
what is the name of the highest mountain in africa ?
what mountain range extends from the gulf of st. lawrence to alabama ?
how many types of lemurs are there ?
what are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in new england ?
what 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the u.s. ?
what businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?
what famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
what onetime member of ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
how many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
who was darth vader 's son ?
what are the four most widely-used languages in north america ?
what war was fought by the spanish as far as the philippines ?
how do you make a million bucks ?
who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
what is the largest city in connecticut ?
what actor and actress have made the most movies ?
what is the definition of spamming ?
who found hawaii ?
where can i find free piano scores for popular music ?
when did the american civil war end ?
what country is the largest diamond producer ?
how long does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
what beer is ` rockin ' america ? ''
what is a fear of women ?
who protects dc comics ' realm of dreams ?
what are dinosaur droppings called ?
what was the infamous feat of germany 's u-2 submarine ?
what homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the trojan wars ?
when did the vesuvius last erupt ?
what is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
when did the supercontinent pangaea break up ?
what kind of mammal is a colt ?
who created harry lime ?
why do many native american students not complete college ?
what color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
who was president cleveland 's wife ?
what class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
what was the name of sergeant preston of the yukon 's lead dog ?
what film featured a snarly character named kid shelleen ?
what company named one of its pens `` the banana '' ?
what 's the capital of monaco ?
how big is the electoral college ?
what is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?
what is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which british troops killed over 3 unarmed indian protestors ?
who invented the moog synthesizer ?
who makes the `` die hard '' car battery ?
how long does it take to travel from tokyo to niigata ?
what state is the filenes store located in ?
what is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
what is a disaccharide ?
colin powell is most famous for what ?
what star-faring race brought about the inhumans on marvel 's earth ?
how do you buy stocks ?
what does appropriates money mean ?
what is the name of dolly parton 's rarely seen husband ?
where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?
whose old london come-on was   `` buy my sweet lavender '' ?
how did former wwf wrestler rick rude die ?
what line of luggage is named after a famous american flier ?
what is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
how many american actors were nominated for the best actor oscar for 1983 ?
when did lucelly garcia , a former ambassador of columbia to honduras , die ?
how long was the longest sneezing attack ?
how can i get rich quick ?
how is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
what program do i need to run a .tbk file ?
what is the seafaring name for the southern tip of south america ?
what two new york yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
what are the 10 plagues of egypt ?
what is the history of hot wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
what is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
when did nixon visit china ?
what 's the third month of the gregorian calendar ?
what country owns corsica ?
how many queen bees reign in a hive ?
what sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
what meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first tv dinner ?
what is ram in the computer ?
what is a `` repeating voter '' ?
what are dingoes ?
where can i find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
how can i get someone 's email address ?
what chapter of the bible has the most verses ?
what ocean did the titanic sink in ?
how did p.t. barnum bill the diminutive charles s. stratton ?
in what year was the wall built ?
name one of king henry viii 's wives .
what southwestern state is dubbed the silver state ?
what are pomegranates ?
what does robin williams do ?
what country did the allies invade in world war ii 's operation avalanche ?
what famed river was hernando de soto the first european to see ?
what chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
how do they find an epicenter ?
when was christ born ?
where do quality drinks begin ?
in order from the top , the four stripes on a can of pepsi are what colors ?
what kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
what were first used by john l. sullivan and james j. corbett in 1892 ?
what country surrounds san marino , the world 's smallest republic ?
who owns the rights on a tv program ?
what did cool hand luke go to jail for ?
what was the v-8 juice slogan   `` the tastebud '' ?
what was mae west 's last film ?
what letter does gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
who invented astroturf ?
what makes you fat ?
name a flying mammal .
what season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
what direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
what is the world record for the longest hair ?
what english word contains the most letters ?
how do i know if i 'm jealous of someone ?
what democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while richard nixon spoke from the caboose ?
how does james bond like his martinis ?
what california bay 's largest island is angel island ?
what was the name of the flight that fawaz younis hijacked ?
what former african leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
what is a wet dream ?
what california bridge was don brown the first to cross , on may 27 , 1937 ?
what camera company said , `` if you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
what happened to pepsi clear ?
how much does one ton of cement cost ?
what is a mexican hairless ?
what 2th-century american poet wrote a four-volume biography of abraham lincoln ?
what piece of jewelry is pictured on monopoly 's luxury tax space ?
who stopped making diary entries on may 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
what journalist can be found in and around walden puddle ?
how did socrates die ?
how many sides does an obelisk have ?
what was edward albee 's first full-length play ?
what was lost and regained by poet john milton ?
how can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
what songs were popular in 1948 ?
in what year was the cannon invented ?
how many languages does the pope speak ?
what bay divides maryland 's eastern and western shores ?
what is the real name of the singer , madonna ?
what frenchman claimed the following ? if god did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
what color were ernest hemingway 's eyes ?
what is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
who was the first woman in space ?
what is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?
what professional sports league originated the college draft ?
what is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
who discovered imaginary numbers ?
who does the voices of the simpsons ?
how many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
what religion has the most members ?
how many calories are there in a glass of water ?
who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
what is svhs ?
where can i find info on alexander mackenzie ?
what is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
how many countries watch mtv europe ?
what is sap ?
what layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?
what is the airport code for los angeles international ?
what was the claim to fame of explorer i , launched february 1 , 1958 ?
in the song `` yankee doodle , '' why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
what do the letters ce stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
where did the real st. nicholas live ?
who manufactures the software , `` photoshop '' ?
how many eyes does a bat have ?
how do you say 2 in latin ?
what was dwight eisenhower 's favorite card game ?
what is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
what is the origin of the word nevermind ?
who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
what is power steering ?
where did dikembe mutombo go to college ?
what author was appointed u.s. ambassador to spain in 1842 ?
what body of water does the yukon river empty into ?
who is westview high 's band director in funky winkerbean ?
how does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
what is mark mcgwire 's e-mail address ?
how many maids were milking ?
the kentucky horse park is located near what city ?
what is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?
what kind of fruit is a yellow transparent ?
what song put james taylor in the limelight ?
what drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
name four comic strips about pilots .
what geological time do we live in ?
how do you dunk ?
where is the massive north korean nuclear complex located ?
how do plants make food ?
where is microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
when was china 's first nuclear test ?
what is the name given to a group of geese ?
why was washington , dc originally called district of columbia ?
how do i find a snowboarding website ?
what singer 's hit song inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ?
how much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
why do movie and tv stars get paid so much ?
what is a turnkey contract ?
what are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
why is the mile 528 feet ?
what asian gulf were the destroyers maddox and c turner joy shot up in ?
how is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
who is edmund kemper ?
what was mao , the chinese leader 's , full name ?
when is dick clark 's birthday ?
what radio station did paul harvey work for ?
what character narrates treasure island ?
what is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
who starred with charlie chaplin in modern times and the great dictator ?
what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
what catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen italian cities ?
whom does uncle duke 's girl friend , honey , room with ?
when was the bar-code invented ?
what has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?
what team did babe ruth play his first major league game for ?
what class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
what relative of leo tolstoy translated war and peace eight times ?
how does the nintendo `` zapper '' work ?
who was the second person ever to wear iron man 's armor ?
what is interlata internet service ?
who is the director and editor of the movie big starring tom hanks ?
what is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
what is the homelite inc. home page ?
how old was stevie wonder when he signed with motown records ?
what is `` alternative '' anymore ?
why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
who won two gold medals in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
where does the u.s. rank among world countries in area ?
what are the four railways in monopoly ?
what are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
what does bmw stand for ?
name the highest mountain .
what revelation did alexander butterfield make to the senate watergate committee ?
what island is home to statues called mauis ?
what 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
what was the worst hurricane ?
how can i get started in writing for television ?
where was pythagoras born ?
what 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?
what is the price for aaa 's liability auto insurance ?
what is lmds ?
who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
what is the capital of italy ?
what game does garry kasparov play ?
how do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
what is kept in fort knox that is so valuable ?
what is the population of arcadia , florida ?
what stephen king novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?
who were the head writers for the smothers brothers comedy hour ?
how many people live in cities ?
how high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
what scottish poet penned to a mouse and to a louse ?
what is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
what ocean surrounds the madeira islands ?
what famous communist leader died in mexico city ?
what was john steinbeck 's travelling companion charley ?
what are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the iberian peninsula in europe ?
how many mines can still be found in the falklands after the war ended ?
how can i get in touch with michael moore of `` roger & me '' ?
how is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
how many gallons of water go over niagra falls every second ?
what turns blue litmus paper red ?
who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
how many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
what is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?
what is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
what is a fear of machinery ?
who awarded the flying fickle finger of fate ?
in sinclair lewis ' `` main street , '' what was the name of the typical american town ?
what hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
what is the largest city in texas ?
what future deer hunter portrayed annie hall 's neurotic brother , duane ?
where can i get a map of prussia on the internet ?
what was the longest war in u.s. history ?
what is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
what are the five richest countries in the world ?
where is mccarren airport ?
what are the top boy names in the u.s. ?
how many tiles did the space shuttle columbia lose on its second flight ?
how many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
who was the lyricist and who was the composer between gilbert and sullivan ?
who was the lawyer for randy craft ?
what is the origin of the word marijuana ?
who was the 3rd president of the united states ?
what organ contains the islands of langerhans ?
name dick tracy 's two children .
what is a fear of points ?
what fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
how can sql queries be improved ?
what is the most radioactive food ?
what was the previous name for the commonwealth ?
how much will gas be taxed in california by the year 2000 ?
who gave king arthur the round table ?
what state in the united states covers the largest area ?
how do you make a computer chip ?
who became president of the u.s. in 1789 ?
who wrote `` the scarlet letter '' ?
who did sara jane moore try to assassinate ?
what is linux ?
how many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
what title did shevardnadze have during the soviet era ?
what did the pyramid-builders of egypt mainly eat ?
what 's the international radio code word for the letter f ?
what are the 28 tenses in the english language ?
which king signed the magna carta ?
what software offers inventors use of cad-like design ?
what is agent orange ?
how many zip codes are there in the u.s. ?
in beetle bailey , can you name sarge 's dog ?
why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
why did europeans first come to australia and oceania ?
what did the confederate constitution say about slavery ?
how long does it take the milky way galaxy to make one revolution ?
how many people own pets ?
what web sites are linked to the report on genesis eldercare ?
what is a fear of lice ?
how long does it take different materials to decompose ?
how many colors are there in a rainbow ?
what was darth vader 's son named ?
what problems contributed to the high failure rate of plains farmers in the 1800s ?
what british female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
where is mccarren airport located ?
how effective are condoms in protecting against aids ?
what part of britain comprises the highlands , central lowlands , and southern uplands ?
how many marx brothers were there ?
what country is proud to claim volcano national park ?
when was babe ruth born ?
who portrayed field marshal erwin rommel in the desert fox ?
what tv quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of vera lynn 's we 'll meet again ?
what direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
how many beanie baby sites are there ?
how can i call a friend in another country when i do not know the telephone number ?
where are diamonds mined ?
how do they get teflon to stick to the pan ?
how much money did the marcos steal from their country ?
who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
who is archie bunker 's son-in-law ?
what company produces spumante ?
what does `` b.y.o.b. '' mean ?
what major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
what president became chief justice after his presidency ?
how many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
what city has a newspaper called the plain dealer ?
what u.s. state boasts leif ericson park ?
how many flavors does baskin & robbins offer ?
who was chief engineer of the starship enterprise ?
how does crosstalk relate to insb thickness in infrared detectors ?
what mayor made so many tv appearances he was asked to join aftra in 1984 ?
which type of submarine was bought recently by south korea ?
how much in miles is a ten k run ?
who is the most sexy celebrity ?
what detective lives on punchbowl hill and has 11 children ?
where did the ukulele originate ?
rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
what does seccession mean ?
who portrayed the title character in the film the day of the jackal ?
what is the name of the gulf between sweden and finland ?
who was the first x-man to die in battle ?
what will the weather be today ?
who is the president of ghana ?
which sex is denied voting rights in kuwait ?
what two countries is andorra nestled between ?
how long ago was the roe vs. wade decision by the supreme court ?
what terrorist group was headed by donald defreeze ?
what are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental united states ?
what is the size of the student body at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
how can i determine the radius of an ellipse ?
who starred in the movie the war of the worlds ?
how many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
what actor , who had greatest fame on tv , became the father of triplets ?
what is the homelite inc. home page ?
what is the golden rule ?
what were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
how does color affect a person psychologically ?
what type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
what is sound ?
what was the name of the horse that fell on queen elizabeth , prince albert 's wife ?
what are the current immigration laws in us ?
what were the five opening words on ben casey ?
why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
what hair color can i use to just cover a little gray ?
where was tesla born ?
what does larry king do for a living ?
who shot lee harvey oswald ?
when did jaco pastorius die ?
what blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?
what was spawned the term `` mig alley '' ?
what 's the most common street name in america ?
what is the difference between khaki and chino ?
what is the origin of infinity ?
what alloy do copper and tin form ?
what plants are found in an estuary ?
colin powell is best known for what achievement ?
what was the name of the computer in ` 2001   a space odyssey ' ?
who portrayed renaud in casablanca ?
what country has problems with hooligans ?
what planet did percival lovell discover ?
how often are brain cells replaced ?
how much did mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
what country contains the westernmost point in south america ?
what did abolitionists try to end ?
what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the u.k. ?
why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
what year did charles dicken die ?
what d.h. lawrence novel was originally titled tenderness ?
what rock group raised a ruckus at the white house by singing american woman ?
what is a fear of night or darkness ?
what is the origin of the rock band led zeppelin 's name ?
how was lawrence
when did the last americans leave vietnam ?
what famed clown appeared on an early howdy doody show and insisted that clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
who was confucius ?
what snack food has ridges ?
what 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?
what 's the meaning of the name tatiana ?
how many people died when the estonia sank in 1994 ?
what southern california town is named after a character made famous by edgar rice burroughs ?
how many colors are there in a rainbow ?
what is the habitat of the chickadee ?
what drug is often used to treat aids patients ?
which of the five senses develops first ?
where did the name root beer come from ?
what city 's the kickoff point for climbs of mount everest ?
what is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
who was the first animal into space ?
what is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
what jules verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine nautilus ?
why is rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
what 's the state motto of california ?
what company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
what does the acronym cpr mean ?
the jewish alphabet is called what ?
what are the baltic states ?
how many endangered species are there in the world ?
which large u.s. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
who was the bandleader mentor of ella fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` a_tisket , a-tasket '' ?
who invented basketball ?
how has tv affected our society ?
what was the name of humphrey bogart 's club in casablanca ?
what u.s. government agency registers trademarks ?
what is osmosis ?
what format was the major competition of vhs ?
what hockey player did ronald reagan joke he would swap texas for ?
what is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?
which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
what president was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the hudson river at hyde park , new york ?
how much did the first barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
what country was general douglas mcarthur in when he was recalled by president truman ?
what are the five most popular usenet groups ?
what are the seven deadly sins ?
what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
what does the name melissa mean ?
what is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
how many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
what kind of sports team is the buffalo sabres ?
what impenetrable system of french fortifications was built along the german frontier before world war ii ?
what are new computer games for windows 95 or 98 ?
who domesticated the wild turkey ?
what european race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
what country does ileana cotrubas come from ?
what 's the motto of the boy scouts ?
what two european countries are joined by the gran san bernardo pass ?
what movie did steven spielberg direct in 1975 ?
what was the name of the us helicopter pilot shot down over north korea ?
what 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
what are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in spartanburg , south carolina ?
name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
what does rca stand for ?
why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
what 's the singular of dice ?
who is olive oyl 's brother ?
what 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
what 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?
what king boycotted prince charles 's wedding ?
what does nicholas cage do for a living ?
what was the nickname of model leslie hornby ?
where is the taj mahal ?
what 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
in 139 the papal court was forced to move from rome to where ?
what is goulash ?
what capital is built around monument circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
how does a parachute work ?
what is the first book of the old testament ?
how many of them are in sub-saharan africa ?
what is the history of spartacus , the roman slave and gladiator ?
what famed wall supports the badaling turret ?
who portrayed fatman in the television show , `` jake and the fatman '' ?
what is object-oriented design ?
what does melissa mean ?
what is form drag ?
who were john f. kennedy 's dogs ?
where are good science sites on the internet ?
what woman was time 's man of the year for 1952 ?
what currents affect the area of the shetland islands and orkney islands in the north sea ?
who wrote the ugly duckling ?
who designed london bridge ?
how many miles are there between tel aviv , israel and memphis , tennessee ?
how many flavors of ice cream does howard johnson 's have ?
what weapon did the crossed slits in english castles accommodate ?
where are the busiest amtrak rail stations in the u.s. ?
how many freckles does howdy doody have on his face ?
who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
how did super president gain his powers on the animated series ?
how tall was the animated king kong ?
what are values ?
what is the population of japan ?
name an american made motorcycle .
how much did alaska cost when bought from russia ?
how many events make up the decathlon ?
what causes blue balls ?
what were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
who succeeded nikita khrushchev as first secretary of the communist party ?
who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military joint chiefs of staff ?
name of the lady the great gatsby pines for ?
what does a chef coddle eggs in ?
how many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
what city was martin luther king jr. assassinated in ?
what celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
where 's the bernini-bristol hotel ?
who said `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
what is the capital of kosovo ?
what kind of company is 7-eleven ?
how many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
what were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
how did the months of the year get there name ?
what scale measures earthquakes ?
what is a glory hole ?
what kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the nfl ?
what are the major companies that are part of dow jones ?
what college did joe namath play football for ?
what was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
what country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
what would happen to canada if quebec separated ?
when is the jimmy buffett concert coming to the e center in camden nj ?
what is ` last chance for animals ' ?
what is the weather like on the moon ?
who was the 1st u.s. president ?
what is the main language of sao paulo , brazil ?
how much did varian associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the boc group for ?
what is the abbreviation of the international olympic committee ?
how many people hike ?
what are boxcars ?
how do i keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
who played maria in the film west side story ?
what is a common anti-aids drug ?
who bestowed great power upon captain britain ?
how can you tell when figs are ripe ?
how do i love thee ?
which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
what nationality is a sicilian ?
what is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
who was the accused in the trial of the century , which opened janurary 1 , 1935 ?
what color was the hundred billionth crayon made by crayola ?
what soft drink tells us to `` go hawaiian '' ?
how does a hydroelectric dam work ?
what is the oldest building in the united states ?
what is the west virginia state animal ?
how many people died on south carolina highways in 1998 ?
what are binomial coefficients ?
what was the living room war ?
what are some translations of the phrase `` thank-you '' ?
what is president nixon 's birthdate ?
what is `` the great american family cereal '' ?
what was suzy parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
how many people died in the vietnam war ?
what year did montana become a state ?
when was the ussr dissolved ?
why are there letters on the telephone ? why are there no q or z ?
what japanese city was once called edo ?
who did the seven mules block for ?
what is the world 's largest distilling company ?
what 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` silence of the lambs '' ?
where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
who did napolean defeat at jena and auerstadt ?
what household products are there for adult acne ?
what british prime minister and u.s. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
what is the most expensive car in the world ?
how many objects orbit the earth ?
what 's the oldest capital city in the americas ?
what leon uris novel dealt with the russian capture of berlin ?
what is the location of edinburgh , scotland ?
how many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
how long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
what was the name of the titanic 's captain ?
how big is the chappellet vineyard ?
jackson pollock was a native of what country ?
what makes sperm ?
who wrote the godfather ?
what is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
what is the frequency of vhf ?
what sport does chris jogis play ?
what island was the target of the u.s. 's operation urgent fury ?
what is a fear of robbers ?
what nevil shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
what is the cause of endangered species ?
which of the following tv newsmen was a rhodes scholar ?
what did warlock wear on his forehead in marvel comics ?
what is the softest part of the body ?
what six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
how many islands does fiji have ?
what line divided the north and south in the u.s. civil war ?
what is the definition of cecum ?
who invented volleyball ?
what 's the most powerful country in the world ?
name a ballet company mikhail baryshnikov has danced for ?
who led the normans to victory in the battle of hastings ?
what is the origin of the word `` teddy bear '' ?
what percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the amazon forests ?
what 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` galloping gourmet '' ?
who invented the horoscope ?
what nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
what are fortune 500 companies ?
what is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
what king was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
how many electoral college votes does colorado have ?
what were babe ruth 's christian names ?
how many bottles of wine were prisoners in the bastille allowed per day ?
where do lobsters like to live ?
who was the first elected mayor of washington , d.c. ?
how do you fix squeaky floors ?
when was the big thompson flood ?
how do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
what 's played at wembley stadium , london , every may ?
who wrote the sci-fi trilogy foundation , foundation and empire , and second foundation ?
how many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
what is alice cooper 's real name ?
what is the peloponnesian league ?
what two cities usually mark the extremes of english channel swims ?
how many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
who invented television ?
what are tannins ?
how does general mills manufacture cheerios ?
what was jimmy durante 's theme song ?
name the person who burst through the screen in the lite beer commercials .
what delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
what after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the george jung noodle factory in los angeles ?
what u.s. vice-president killed alexander hamilton in a duel ?
what 's the fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?
how many muscles does an oyster have ?
what card game derived its name from biritch , or russian whist ?
who wrote `` much ado about nothing '' ?
what is the collective noun for geese ?
what personality traits are capricorns said to have ?
where can i get information concerning child custody files for the state of utah ?
what was john f. kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
what louisiana senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
what hymn did john steinbeck get his title the grapes of wrath from ?
what invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
what 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?
who won oscars for her roles in gone with the wind and a streetcar named desire ?
what writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
in dana 's `` two years before the mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at san diego ?
who plays the cop in the movie `` kindergarten cop '' ?
how many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
what non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?
what was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
who created billy pilgrim , a survivor of the dresden firestorm ?
what country saw the origin of the asian flu ?
who is the richest woman in the world ?
what caused the death of bob marley ?
what 's mrs. bridges 's job on tv 's upstairs , downstairs ?
what daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the usa '' ?
what lake in scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
who were the 1974 oscar winners ?
what kind of business is 7-eleven ?
what is sinn fein ?
what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as   involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
what do river otters eat ?
who would you use the heimlich maneuver on ?
what famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?
what five-time winner of the kentucky derby lost his first 25 races ?
what is megan 's law ?
where can i get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
where 's montenegro ?
what is usenet for the internet ?
what was the killer whale who died at sea world of a fungal infection named ?
what is witch hazel ?
what is state tree of nebraska ?
where is glasgow ?
what three colors of ink are used to print a u.s. dollar bill ?
what exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
what is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
what north american city boasts the biggest polish population ?
where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , lane victory , which merchant marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
what does a pedometer measure ?
what is maurizio pellegrin 's age ?
how many thousands of students attend the university of massachusetts ?
what name did football 's new york titans adopt in 1963 ?
what female suspect in the game of clue is single ?
who owns cnn ?
about how many americans are still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
what is an auto-commentary ?
what is the oldest website on the internet ?
what is deconstructionism ?
what did lenny bruce say that got him arrested ?
what newspaper returned a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent story jimmy 's world ?
what is a fear of speaking ?
what was hitler 's favorite movie ?
why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
what are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
what member of the little rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in darla hood ?
how is saline used in medicine ?
what is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to el nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
what country are you visiting if you land at president duvalier airport ?
what attorney-general ordered the closing of alcatraz ?
what is a country that starts with the letter x ?
what countries earn the most from tourism ?
what is the internet2 ?
which city in china has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
when are the oscars academy awards in 1999 ?
who was the prophet of the jewish people ?
what is the most common name ?
who was the oldest u.s. president ?
what common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
when was dubai 's first concrete house built ?
what is remembrance day all about ?
what food did marco polo introduce into italy from the court of kubla khan ?
what diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity ?
where are zebras most likely found ?
what are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
what is meant by `` capital market '' ?
in my antonia , how is mr. shimerda out of place on the farm ?
what ship did lloyd m. bucher command ?
name a medicine commonly used to combat aids ?
what is the difference between hair and fur ?
what is the difference between love and infatuation ?
name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by nancy and chuck .
what foods contain vitamin b12 ?
what is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
what are the first and last letters of the greek alphabet ?
what is the web address at which i can find the e-mail address of a member of the us house of representatives ?
what are some ways to help someone with chicken pox ?
when did the original howdy doody show go off the air ?
how many languages are there in the world ?
who was picasso ?
who were the only two bald u.s. presidents ?
what river flows past the temple of karnak ?
what comedian was the perfect fool ?
where do you find information about the queensland national competition policy
what 's a `` coup de poing '' to a french boxer ?
what 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
what is the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
who loved flash gordon besides dale ?
what is tyvek ?
what do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
how did asia get its name ?
what was the name of the u.s. navy gunboat in the film the sand pebbles ?
where can i get information on the original 13 us colonies ?
for what disease is the drug sinemet used as a treatment ?
what are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
what gender is not allowed to vote in kuwait ?
how many inches over six feet is tom selleck ?
what is the name of the disease that actress hunter tylo 's baby girl has ?
who 's the only president buried in washington
how much could you rent a volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
whose singing voice was dubbed in for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady ?
what north american city sprouts the most parking meters ?
what is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the u.s. right now ?
what can i do to get into an ivy league school ?
what film did louise fletcher win the best actress oscar for ?
where did gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
what 1950 film won seven oscars , including best picture ?
how much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
how much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
president bush compared saddam hussein to whom ?
what 's the name of pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
what shakespeare play opens with the line   `` now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
what tv comedian worked with white fang , black tooth and pookie the lion ?
who created the character james bond ?
what type of exercise burns the most calories ?
what is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
where did the japanese imperial forces surrender to end wwii ?
what is mikhail gorbachev 's middle initial ?
how many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
what british general surrendered to the colonial army at saratoga ?
how can people from ireland come to the u.s. , work , and then return to ireland ?
what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
what is the world population as of today ?
what is the history of buffalo chicken wings ?
what is humidity ?
what kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
what artist 's studio was the bateau-lavoir in montmartre ?
what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
how many words are there in the spanish language ?
where is there information on the novel `` el cid '' ?
what is the chemical formula for napalm ?
what is yohimbine ?
what is `` chicago hope '' ?
how many members of a family could be drafted in the u.s. military during world war ii ?
who wrote the song , `` silent night '' ?
what company is the largest japanese ship builder ?
what does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?
what is the average date when most malls begin putting up christmas holiday decorations ?
how many characters are in the chinese alphabet ?
who wrote the collector ?
which major diamond producer is based in south africa ?
who was samuel johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
what kind of women gave sigmund freud erotic dreams ?
what are the cleveland indians also called ?
what commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping north american cars off the roads during world war ii ?
how many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
who wrote the bestselling missionary travels and researches in south africa , published in 1857 ?
who played the father on `` charles in charge '' ?
what is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
where did the name daniel originate ?
what are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?
how long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
name the islamic counterpart to the red cross .
what are the historical trials following world war ii called ?
what states do not have state income tax ?
what city has the two steepest streets in the u.s. ?
what is margaret thatcher known for ?
name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` gulliver 's travels . ''
what 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
what four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?
how many countries are there ?
where does most of the marijuana entering the united states come from ?
stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
what is the most common cancer ?
who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
how do i contact answers.com direct ?
what causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
what happened to answers.com ?
what is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
what ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
what is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
what do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
how many yards are in 1 mile ?
what actor was the first man to appear on the cover of mccall 's ?
what does r.e.m. stand for , as in the rock group r.e.m. ?
what cruise line does kathie lee gifford advertise for ?
why do girls have to wear training bras ?
when was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
how did edith bunker die ?
what country boasts cawdor castle , glamis castle , and blair castle ?
define spumante .
what does ph stand for ?
what country is mount everest in ?
which country is the largest country in latin america ?
name the four horsemen of the apocalypse .
what are geckos ?
what is the name of a book written by aaron hass ?
what is cosmology ?
how many watts make a kilowatt ?
what tv series features the adventures of a married couple named jonathan and jennifer ?
what female faith healer wrote the inspirational book i believe in miracles ?
who was jinnah ?
what did esquire name ash hole of the year for 1980 ?
where did king francis i hang the `` mona lisa '' when he owned it ?
what 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in new orleans ?
what is habeas corpus ?
how do you use an intranet ?
what famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for blue nun wine ?
how many times has harold stassen announced a drive for the white house ?
what are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
where can i find the history of the hungarian language ?
why do usa fax machines not work in uk , nnp ?
what cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?
who tramped through florida looking for the fountain of youth ?
in 1990 , what day of the week did christmas fall on ?
what is the name of the song that dracula plays on the organ ?
what two animals are specifically mentioned as being in noah 's ark ?
what is federal income tax ?
what was the name of the confederate mounted guerrilla group with which jesse james and coleman younger had ridden ?
what disease plagued europe , africa and asia ?
what card game can feature dealer 's choice ?
how many american soldiers are stationed in south korea ?
how many feet more than 2 is the average height of the great wall of china ?
what was the verdict in the 1925 trial of john t. scopes ?
what is the best way to travel in japan ?
how long ago did the anglican church part from the vatican ?
how much did lucy van pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with the girl of the sea of cortez ?
when was the parthenon built ?
what 1895 h.g. wells novel was written under the title the chronic argonauts ?
what is a common dolphin ?
how is answers.com funded ?
how many mountains have been named for presidents in the continental usa ?
what are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
who is the one independent member of congress ?
what is a society ruled by elders ?
what two presidents of the u.s. published books of poetry ?
which of the seven dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
what professional cricketer 's son wrote the war of the worlds in 1898 ?
what condiment do the dutch dip their french fries in ?
which comic strip was never turned into a broadway musical ?
in what war was the first submarine used ?
cpr is the abbreviation for what ?
how many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
how many miles of corridors are in the pentagon ?
how do you find the area of a circle ?
what english playwright penned   `` where the bee sucks , so shall i '' ?
what do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
name the ship beany and cecil sailed .
how deep is a fathom ?
what was the `` dead man 's hand '' ?
how do i find a web address for a company ?
what is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?
what heavyweight boxer was known as the wild bull of the pampas ?
what london street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
how old is the universe ?
when does the bible say the seasons started ?
what animal has been called the poor man 's cow ?
where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
what bordering country is due north of costa rica ?
what morris west novel deals with russian bishop who becomes pope ?
what nation boarders mozambique ?
what does ekg stand for ?
the olympic games in which year allowed nadia comaneci to become popular ?
what tv talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
what soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
colin powell is famous for what ?
what is a fear of home surroundings ?
how many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
what is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
who invented the electric guitar ?
what is the capital of california ?
what country comes last in an alphabetical list ?
what are faults in the earth 's crust ?
what was an `` asiento '' ?
what kind of greeting is appropriate to send on yom kippur ?
how hot should the oven be when baking peachy oat muffins ?
what is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
what don mclean song laments the day buddy holly died ?
what is srpska krajina ?
how was the kennedy money made ?
what country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
what was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at sea world ?
who is the president of pergament ?
what city is the kentucky horse park near ?
what does esa-pekka salonen look like ?
what cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
how did water appear on the earth ?
where did hillary clinton graduate college ?
what does robert mean ?
how do anti-locking brakes work ?
how does the chain of command work inside an us army apache helicopter ?
which medium is hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
what is the name of jamiroquai new album ?
what is a hormone ?
what american naval officer broke japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
what is fellatio ?
what characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
what significant battle was fought in belgium in 1815 ?
which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in ventura county ?
who gave us the `` rolling writer '' ?
how were the days of the week named ?
who wrote the secret life of walter mitty ?
what is fiber in food ?
what 's the traditional drink at the kentucky derby ?
who is the head of the world bank ?
why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
what is a fear of childbirth ?
how many people does honda employ in the u.s. ?
what species was winnie the pooh ?
what is the most popular last name ?
what does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
who moderated the first kennedy-nixon tv debate ?
who portrayed george m. cohan in 1942 's yankee doodle dandy ?
what is the s&p 500 used for ?
what does `` philebus-like '' mean ?
when was nostradamus born ?
what are the ingredients of coca-cola ?
who 's the only u.s. president to have won a pulitzer prize ?
what is nuclear proliferation ?
who was maria theresa ?
what is the country of origin for the name thomas ?
what is the population of the largest chilean city
what country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
what is larry king 's occupation ?
who invented `` the muppets '' ?
why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
what sea is bombay on ?
who are cartoondom 's super six ?
what does `` e pluribus unum '' on the penny mean ?
what 's the difference between tft and dual-scan display ?
what is the english meaning of caliente ?
where in the americas is it only 47 miles from the atlantic to the pacific ?
what does the word `` opera '' mean ?
how tall was the animated frankenstein
what u.s. city is known as the rubber capital of the world ?
what countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
how can you become an fbi agent ?
what is the world 's best selling cookie ?
how many miles is it from ny to austria ?
where did the energy for the big bang come from ?
how big is the universe actually ?
what monarch signed the magna carta ?
what 's the u.s. navy hymn ?
how many sides does a heptagon have ?
what grand slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
where are there aborigines ?
what toy can you make sleep ?
what caused the division between the anglicans and the vatican ?
what corporation does madonna advertise for ?
on what river is rome built ?
where on the web is adventours tours from sydney , australia ?
where were the 1936 summer olympics held ?
what cathedral was thomas becket murdered in ?
why was curious george curious ?
how did u.s.a become involved in the barbary wars
the kentucky horse park is close to which american city ?
what store does martha stewart advertise for ?
what do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
what is the origin of u.s. army sergeant 's stripes ?
how old was sir edmund hillary when he climbed mt. everest ?
where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
what are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
what strait links the mediterranean sea and the atlantic ocean ?
what airport is on the piccadilly subway line ?
which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in ventura county ?
what color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?
what was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?
what did benny carter play ?
what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
what city 's airport is named logan international ?
what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
how many times more than 3
how many names are there for eskimo people ?
what king is satirized in the line   `` the king was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
what causes headaches ?
names of books by james a. michener set in the following locations ?
what company 's trademark was his master 's voice ?
what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
what director made one silent and one sound version of the ten commandments ?
when did swimming become commonplace ?
which presidents of the usa were masons ?
what character in the beverly hillbillies has the given names daisy moses ?
what comedienne calls her sister-in-law captain bligh and her mother-in-law moby dick ?
how many gallons of paint does it take to paint the golden gate bridge ?
what president also became a supreme court justice ?
when does menstruation begin ?
where did makeup originate ?
what is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
what is the claim to fame of agra , india ?
what flag flies over wake island ?
how deep is a fathom ?
what kennedy was married to ethel ?
what u.s. state is mammoth cave national park in ?
what is the most famous german word in the english language ?
who was actress june havoc 's legendary sister ?
what is widely used to detect birth defects ?
what is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
who killed jfk ?
who was the star witness at the senate watergate hearings ?
what is the order of the arrow in boy scouts ?
in what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
what are the five basic swimming strokes ?
who is the son-in-law of sen. everett dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
where is erykah badu originally from ?
how old was george washington when he died ?
what is the recipe or formula for coca-cola ?
who made the rotary engine automobile ?
what is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
how many blacks served in the vietnam war
what were the last names of gangsters bonnie and clyde ?
what is the address of the famous mexican star `` thalia '' ?
what does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
who invented panties ?
what is pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?
what is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?
what sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
what president had never held an elected office until he was elected to the white house ?
what are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?
what fruit does the ficus produce ?
who is the richest person in the world ?
what is an aurora ?
how much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
what made the short-lived star hawks strip so unique ?
what 's the biggest-selling u.s. magazine aimed at a black audience ?
how deep is a fathom ?
what is the primary language of the philippines ?
when did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?
what international organization was founded by clara barton ?
what corporation does madonna advertise for ?
what is the islamic equivalent of the red cross ?
how many people visit the pope each month ?
what month of the year is there no television in iceland ?
what george harrison tune sounded too much like he 's so fine by the chiffons ?
who is buried in the great pyramid of giza ?
what is the most important nation in the world , historically ?
what is the current unemployment rate in the u.s. ?
when was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
how fast can a corvette go ?
what famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` baby '' ?
what effect does lsd have on the brain ?
what are the three most successful companies of our time ?
how much did a mcdonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?
what is a horologist ?
what was the effect of the yalta conference ?
where is the group m people from ?
what country is famous for persian rugs ?
how many were in attendance at the last supper ?
how long should you feed your puppy purina puppy chow ?
what do the figures represent on the easter island ?
what magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of john f. kennedy 's assassination ?
what is the name given to the islamic counterpart of the red cross ?
how does a submarine operate ?
what city is graced by the arch of titus ?
what is michael jackson 's father 's name ?
who was the girl in peter sellers 's soup ?
what creative genius said   `` everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
how is paraguay for vacations ?
where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
what is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
what country is bounded in part by the indian ocean and coral and tasman seas ?
how many people did randy steven craft murder ?
what do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
what happened on january 15 , 1969 ?
what muhammad ali maneuver was george foreman the first victim of ?
what is dsl ?
how many small businesses are there in the united states ?
who was ben casey 's boss ?
what multitalented academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
where is ayer 's rock ?
what 's a craps player called ?
when was the berlin wall erected ?
when was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
what is the name of the game that garry kasparov plays ?
what caribbean cult did marcus garvey originate ?
what is the most widely cultivated plant ?
what wild and crazy guy wrote a book called cruel shoes ?
what city 's theatrical district has been dubbed the roaring forties ?
what should the temperature be set at while baking peachy oat muffins ?
what police force did mack sennett create ?
how many home runs did babe ruth hit in his lifetime ?
who was in death of a salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
how do i get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name kilvington ?
what is dr. ruth 's last name ?
what 's the world 's most common compound ?
where was george washington born ?
how many colors are there in the spectrum ?
what 's the middle name of movie producer joseph e. levine ?
define sinn fein .
what two caribbean countries share the island of hispaniola ?
what is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
what is probability theory ?
who told all in ball four ?
who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the federal republic of germany ?
what continent 's second-highest peak is mont blanc ?
what peruvian city is home to the mummified body of francisco pizarro ?
when did french revolutionaries storm the bastille ?
how can i look up someone 's e-mail address on the internet ?
how many men died building the mackinaw bridge ?
how do you tell somebody you like them ?
what name does the world know renaissance artist kyriakos theotokopoulos by ?
who is the president of bolivia ?
what nationality is gorbachev ?
who played the title role in the romantic englishwoman ?
what president once told gene autry   `` please give my regards to your wife dale '' ?
who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
what is the shape of a football as stated in the nfl rulebook ?
what is the origin of thank you notes ?
who used auh2o as an election slogan ?
how long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
what shakespearean play featured shylock ?
which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
what features of the african elephant are larger than those of the indian elephant ?
what south american country won its first world cup soccer title in 1978 ?
how many cullions does a male have ?
what painter popularized soup cans and brillo soap pad boxes ?
who played lucas mccain on the rifleman ?
what colorful sea 's region does greek legend say the amazons lived near ?
who was the only person convicted in the my lai massacre ?
on what continent is mozambique ?
what words in the english have two u 's back to back ?
what do hasidic jews refrain from while dating ?
what was the name given the 6 , 500 german airforce troops that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise ?
what is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
what is the history of the soft drink mr. pibb ?
which is a real berry   blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
what materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
what part did benjamin franklin play in the development of the newspaper in america ?
when was microsoft established ?
when did president kennedy , lee harvey oswald , and jack ruby all die ?
what is the u.s. location of procter & gamble corporate offices ?
what is platinum ?
what state is known as the hawkeye state ?
who is the prime minister of australia ?
what are all the southern states of the u.s. ?
what does the river seine empty into ?
what did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
which airplane was fawaz younis convicted of hijacking ?
what state did anita bryant represent in the 1959 miss america contest ?
how many soldiers were involved in the last panama invasion by the united states of america ?
describe the long march .
what major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
how many propellers helped power the plane the wright brothers flew into history ?
what was the name of randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
who won the first general election for president held in malawi in may 1994 ?
where is south bend ?
what country has the most coastline ?
what two states is washington d.c. between ?
in what year did joe dimaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
what year was the setting for american graffiti ?
when did the art of quilting begin ?
why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
what must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?
what is a fear of fish ?
how much did the iran-contra investigation cost ?
what does the double-o indicate in 007 ?
what argentine revolutionary fought with castro and died in bolivia in may , 1979 ?
what botanical marvel did nebuchadnezzar build ?
what 's known as the queen of drinks ?
what famous comic strip character died of acne ?
what is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
how many john deere tractors have been manufactured ?
who is zebulon pike ?
what did the forward-thinking simon brothers bakery of chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
when did communist control end in hungary ?
how do i legally make my own will and testament ?
how do you make the color purple ?
what beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
what has been the most common christian name of u.s. presidents ?
how many cherubs are there on a trivial pursuit board ?
how can i search for a word within my own webpage ?
how many people live in chile ?
what sport do the cleaveland cavaliers play ?
what european country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
what english explorer discovered and named virginia ?
what war added jeep and quisling to the english language ?
what people make up half the soviet union 's population ?
what money was used here ?
when did charles lindbergh die ?
how many athletes did puerto rico enter in the 1984 winter olympics ?
what is the highest continent ?
who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
what are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in california ?
what is the meaning of caliente , in english , ?
where can i find information on becoming a journalist ?
what did jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
in what city does maurizio pellegrin now live ?
who was buffalo bill ?
what 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?
what type of currency is used in china ?
what is the temperature today ?
what is the temperature for cooking ?
what currency is used in australia ?
